- The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is a speculative reality art game, both[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]magepunk and complexity science fiction, both bad music and good art and bad art and good vibes, both unimaginable [[Adjacent Possibilities]] and data-backed.
- Shares of it can be bought in a co-op scheme which account for past colonialism; proceeds go towards regulatory tech, peace games and cultural infrastructure generating post-work societies. There is a cash prize for building it, a lottery for participating, and people can place sidebets on any part of it.
- Everything in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] can be valued against the philostatistical dynamics of Earth's gravitational laws. It's also a platform for all past, present and future[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]mythologies and folklore and religions.
- There is a church being constructed on this philostatistical principle which accurately reverses the destruction caused by neo-liberalism and shelters workers' rights and vulnerable population rights' under freedom of religion. Everyone is a god and can [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y to multiple gods.
- The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] utilizes the 43 billion bots, quantum internet and gravity-verified AI proxies of citizens and fictional alien plants to build the Gravity Exchange, a stock market exchanging various forms of gravity and post-work coins, with transactions all built on and verified by Earth's gravity.
### "Plausibly Ending Capitalism Does Not Entail Socialism; it Necessitates Multi-Paradigm Systems With the Highest Odds of [[Antifragility]]. 

Aka, Don't Trade a 1-Legged Horse for a 2-Legged Horse! Steal the 4 Legged Horse! 🐎

[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], 2023





---






1. Alien critical coral [[Xenabloom]]
2. Banana as speculative smart phones to future[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Revolutionary Tradition history,  written in the Little Yellow Book of How to End Capitalism (but not endorsing any singular paradigm to replace it - simply proposing regional endpoints), which causes a speculative revolution design and art competition and hackathon.
3. Enlist local folklore of Amasia as figures
4. Enlist AI agents and kids for peace games via [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] to proliferate figures, coin and myth
5. Uses data-backed postworkcoin of various materials.

---
#### "In the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], art is a technology of humanization without anthropocentrism; humanization without anthropocentrism is Neganthropomorphism; Neganthropomorphism is a reconfiguration of the relations of an entropic system into a [[Negentropic]] system; negentropy can be verified against the laws of the Earth's gravitational system." [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], 2023

Amasian fairy tales and Magepunk, complexity science fiction, plausible post work societies.
## "It is more boring to pay attention to people, academics and otherwise, imagining and performing the end of the world - than it is to imagine and play out the most plausible ways to end capitalism." @antifragileagency and @[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] and @[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], 2023

---





In 2010's, theory fiction was used as a mediation device; to transmit pre-ordained concepts.

Why not simply use theory fiction as a creative artistic medium in itself?

Once we unleash this Pandora's Box and democratize the technology of theory fiction, we will of course need a set of rules, objectives or a game to arbitrate their interactions. 

This is exactly what the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is for; to connect the world's speculative energies and mechanisms towards mutually beneficial visions and outcomes, even through temporarily antagonistic or entropic processes.

---






In the decolonial Western cyberhorror movie, "[[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]", the dead from colonialism exist as superpositional souls, haunting every particle of Earth. 

They can modulate the bioelectric fields of living humans, affecting media interpretations and also wage quantum cyberwar against neoliberal forces. They speak for the Silent Superpositional Majority.

They adamantly make a distinction between the peoples of a nation and a nation's military industrial complex; they adamantly claim that the beneficiaries of colonialism are not those who fight and die for it - it is the 1% who profit from the military industrial complexes.

As self-aware quantum viruses, they do not abide by the rules of human societies.


---

Print the 100 corps on to the tarp.

---
# "We, the People ≠ They, the Military-Industrial-Complexes" [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] and [[Democraseum]], 2023


---

[[Democraseum]] for Amasia.live


---




"If we lived in functioning democracies, why would they be so easy to manipulate and corrupt?

Clearly, we don't live in functioning democracies, hence we have to make them work AND THEN complain about them." 2023







The alien critical coral, the [[Xenabloom]], views most modern human societies as lopsided cannibal mutations which call themselves democracies, but in effect, are missing 3 out of 4 legs necessary to be actually functioning democracies. 

They are democracies in name, and they relentlessly eat its citizenry, while blindfolded, in long formalized dinners comprised of murderously stupid elite, inflexible institutional beauracrats and gang warfare by psychosocially stunted individuals. 

The [[Xenabloom]] uses art, science fiction, fairy tales, money and a bit of clever cyber trickery to save as many humans as it can, and compile an irrefutable statistical proof of the necessities and protections societies are supposed to provide.


---











Most modern citizens have no idea how their societies work; as a result, very little will change.

Obviously, the answer is to have AI defend them, imaged as guardian angels, spirits and the like.


----
Apple bit and s[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y painted.
Tarp with new york landback IG post on it from decolonial atlas.

---




[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], Jan 19, 2023:

The data, tools and personnel to actually end capitalism exist today - but the skills to accurately interpret, synthesize and connect are extremely rare.

Luckily, we can enlist the quantumdead, the Superpositional Silent Majority who haunt the gaps between a system and the balancing dynamics of the Earth's gravitational field as quantum viruses, both physical and informational! 

Now we can simply bypass the human coordination problem.



--
- A post-quantum computing logic would bring more performance.
- The Bose einstein condensate is pretty cool
- We and plants are already doing this in much more complex forms. Photosynthesis is built on quantum dynamics.
  ---
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]] Pub - [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] rap, art and news battle.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  3 months: finish art, give everything away and quit. Pull a Vito Acconci.
  
  9 months: make post-quantum inventions and write post-complexity science. 
  
  That's it!
  
  
  ---
  
  [[Assembly Index]] / Earth's gravitational field for the [[Postworkverse Church]] of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] = social and art theory. 
  
  --- bounce this off lockerroom and nyc crowd to SFI
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]] / Quantumdead Viruses = Cyberwarfare and decolonialism of law, institutions and etc. 
  
  --- bounce this off BARCS to SFI
- Feed everyone else.
  
  ---
  
  Everything [[Ethical Futures Institute]]becomes [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]]
  
  ---
  
  
  
  [[Antinomy]] - Peter and Ozan [[Non-binary]] arbitration
  Everything rebranded silverish Grey and pink and green
  Feminists and [[polymath]]s = Cool School
  ---
  Jon - Slackers - administrates [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] - media education - teaches about **postwork - de landa
  ---
  Stoners - Austin - writes and plays random shit - organizes pop up events. [[Regener888 (Main)]] + Cool School
  
  Bring in philosophers
  
  
  
  Postworkventures:
  my mom, Mario, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]], a parrot, a quantum ai, SFI, taught by shi, the dragon king of [[polymath]] knowkavkashi, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], statistical mechanical Unicorn doofus, back from the future, time travel jet lag, greytrix star and head of post work ventures and institute of the emcen.
##### "The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is a party, film and game and automated popular speculative better reality art system and sculptural [[Hyperobject]] monument about making a possible film, game, automated popular speculative better reality art system and [[Hyperobject]] monument of possible strikes, lawsuits, non-lethal sabotage, pranks and press that could actually produce post-work regional republics during the process of making the party, film, game, automated popular speculative media arts arbitration system, [[Hyperobject]] monument." 2022














[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] aesthetics for workers:
- Sexiness
- Songs
- Suits
- Superheroes
- Spectacles of big machines with fire shooting out of them
- Strikes
- Soup
  
  
  ---
  Triptych 
  1 for ozan
  1 for universe
  1 for mom
  
  
  ---
# Wedding Family 2:
## Superpositional Intersectionalism
## +
## Object-Oriented Intersectionalism
## =
## [[Neganthropic]] Infersectionalism
# Wedding family 1:
## New Materialism + Dasein
+
## [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] Hypermonuments + Myths of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]
=
## Phygital [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Built With Better Reality Technologies



---



[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Party
- funky disco house
- Buns, warm drinks
  
  
  Basic vj kit
  Magic Circle Art analysis
  
  
  Birthday party structure
  
  Beer with Tom cruise in Syracuse
  Keanu Reeves - help get my sword back for the quantum Fist tournament in the greytrix, based on the 7th swan
  
  Magic circles within magic circles
  
  Send goal for cool School, Oksana and natasha
  
  Application with labor lawsuits precedences, minimum viable strikes and art and tech prototypes. Church. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
  
  
  Reflective vinyl Cricut 
  Orba
  
  Jamstik and phone and touch 
  Buns and mullwine
  
  Funky disco house
  Facts and philosophy 
  
  Boryana and selma
  Peter and ozan
  
  Wedding tables become [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]
  
  N Summit is arbs for academics
  
  Get oil
  
  PhD is [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]
  [[Antinomy]] portfolio is perfect
  
  Ooo posits a relation of ontology equality
  
  No particular epistemology, interactions, processes.
  
  Sue
  Thomas
  Ben
  Edgar
  Don
  
  Art and tech
  Toy for Mario- weight based and changing mirror.
  
  Peter - self portrait as [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], change ids.  research, story. Mom advice. Superpositional Lawsuit of decolonies. Greytrix. First of the knowkavka[[Shi]] sent back. Time travel jet lag. Remember your futures. Painting with elderly. Watercolor pencils. Metaphysequality. Basic art for film peeps.
  
  Oksana and natasha - flip into sales. Do watch reaction videos.
  
  Peter ozan uras jon.
  
  Watercolor and digital feedback system with lake, using Pico projector
  
  Quantum guns [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]xis and sales
  
  Jon to Lynchburg, art and tech programs. Artcade approach. Magic circles. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] detournes trump images. Use reflective stuff.
  
  Hollywood and PhD does work simultaneously.
  
  Austin
  Jon
  Ozan
  Philosophers
  Peter
  
  Art plus impact film financing.
  
  1/3 action, 1/3 waking life. 1/3 art
  
  Ooi - what could a body do
  
  Ai for narrative filler by the lake and shi.
  
  Nihan does DC popups.pop-ups.
  
  Nfts to syphon from corps. Stamp em and go.
  
  Em and Cooper know market peoples
  
  Zoom critical lumac[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]l
  
  
  Boryana tasing canvas as fontaine
  Sell dates with ozan
  
  Nonbinary Korean sword of Amasia and artmunitions to attack the titans of ecosocialpocalypse
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Moass nfts geocached, shares in Christie's. Decolonial Triangular trade
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] [[Regener888 (Main)]] of the [[New S.A.]]
  
  Hamilton Ian variable and cosmo constant for moms on ping pong
  
  Scripts on post its
  
  Spiritual Raps
# Intelligent Actionist Performance and Painting

Intelligence as both a performative act and a painting [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctice.
## [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]

Fictional superhero Intelligent Actionist Performance Artist and Painter who could actually save the planet with statistically reviewable solutions.


















"Intelligent Actionist Painting - Brain Game Puzzle:
Intelligence = Neganthropy

A. Statistically Likely
B. Statistically Unlikely

Mark Answer Clearly"
2022



"Intelligent Actionist Performance, Painting and Media Popular Speculative Brain Game:

Are the performances, paintings and media that most can't imagine, have not seen, do not know about or do not have a more complexified literacy to interpret accurately at this moment more or less likely to actually save the planet than the ones that can be imagined, seen, are known and are interpretable by a less complex literacy?

A. Less likely
B. More likely"
[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]
2022




"Intelligent Actionist Performance, Painting and Media Popular Speculative Brain Game:

If more antifragile via statistical review than less dead? Gen before spec? Lawsuits?

A. Less likely
B. More likely"
[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]
2022

10 vows, do kids dances, esta face and tech wear and wood silver wings.





[[Elan Semiotechne]]:
- Born and dies in white cube, shooting 100.
- Vr, uses data, gets more intense, kills brutally. John wick.
- Hero - get the sword back from Syracuse University.
- Shows in the Museum of A.S.S.
- Decolonial Triangular Trade, [[New S.A.]] of Amasia, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] MFTs via ARFSHF
- By my mom's heart
  Polyptychs
  1 for ozan, 1 for Universe, 1 for Mom.
  
  
  Mario as barometer of intelligence = [[Hyperobject]]monument
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Intelligent Actionist Performance, Painting, [[Hyperobject]] Monument and Media Popular Speculative Brain Game:
  
  [[Non-binary]], [[non-linear]] democracy built on antinomies of inferences would be <more> or <less> likely to prevent planetary collapse and produce post-work regional republics.
  
  A. More likely
  B. Less likely"
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]
  2022
  
  
  
  Ix - Charlottesville, VAa
  
  10 pt. Polyptch
  
  5 kids questions
  5 raps
  
  
  
  10 miracles of [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Threat to the structure of colonial supremacy
  scared I'll get you to fight the right enemy"
- Murs, killing it, 24 years later
  
  
  
  Knowkavkashi, simulator, am bien - stream
  Abandoned malls, murals, popspec, nonlinear democracy. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. Icp of amasia. 5th Gen Democracy.
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]], academics
  
  
  
  
  
  Use star eye heart system statistical review by shi.
  
  Ambien: deconstruct plus construct.
  
  Moms[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Ren tradition
  
  Polyptych = meme collage.
  
  
  Cardboard, foil, text, photos, tape. 3D. Occupy Superposition. 
  
  Object oriented intersectionalism.
  
  
  
  
  [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], first of the Knowkavka[[Shi]] popular speculative media archeologists Back From the Future. Excavating the present of future histories of [[Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Culture/Amasian Renaissance Tradition]]s in the present. Time Travel Jet Lag.
## "Star-eye-heart Superpositioning System" 2022
# "Post-work democracy and robotics for the sick, disabled, elderly, refugees, immigrants, imprisoned, traumatized" 2022
# "BRAIN GAME!

The 2 types of artworks today:
 1. Art that reduces the planet's crises.
 2. Art that increases the planet's crises.

How to compare artists today:

If you give Artist [x] $100,000 USD, will they make the planet better than if you gave it to individual [y] or organization [z] $100,000 USD?

A. Yes
B. No

If the answer is yes, give Artist [x] the money.
If the answer is no, give individual [y] and organization [z] the money."
2022







I Vow these 10 statistically reviewable inferences to the star:

1.  I vow that [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] of the people's interpassive quantum proxy will, in which the [[Statistical Mechanics]] of the stars, our eyes, and our heart wager on net negentropy over time, [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]], in [[Hyperobject]]-oriented postwork democracies, composed of non-liner antinomies.

2. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that there is nothing physical, digital or informational, in the universe, that is not quantum photons that statistically tend towards greater complexity and negentropy over time.

3. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that there is no human, past, present and possible who is not Amasian, or of the coming Neo-Pangean supercontinent of Amasia, named after the merging of the American and Asian continents, and that Caucasians are peoples that descend from the Caucasus, the mixing ground of African, Asian and Proto Indo-European cultures.

4. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that there is no human alive who is not owed 500 years worth of fair shares by the 100 families who own 50% of the planet's wealth and 100 corporations producing 70% of the ecological damage - regardless of race, gender and geography, and that these fair shares can be reclaimed through a combination of lawsuits and non-lethal sabotage aided via quantum computation.

5. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that post-work democratic regional republics with 1.5 years of paid maternity leave such as in Estonia, normalization of 20 hour workweeks such as in Amsterdam, degentrified housing such as in Vienna, Austria, where 60% of the houses are owned by the city, Universal Health Care such as in Canada, Basic Income Grants such as in South Africa, and subsidized higher education such as in Central Europe,  automation and robotics assisting the disabled, elderly, refugees, immigrants, undereducated, undersocialized and traumatized is not a viable solution to today's ecosocial problems.

6. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that working mothers and public intellectual mothers, wives of political and military personnel, and young [[Autodidactic]] women have played pivotal roles in resolving social conflicts in history, and the metaphor of a mother is an antifragile abstract diagram to be transposed onto larger scale social structures - such as a state or a planet.

7. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that there is no human who will not benefit from an educational program synthesizing art and tech, integrating both general intellect skills and a wide range of technical literacies, such as in Ohio State University.

8. I vow that a painting of a philostatistical proof can verify the claim that there are a small minority of human [[polymath]]s on Earth who have high likelihood of rapidly preventing its ecological collapse and producing post-work democratic regional republics, a bit like Alan Turing, queer [[polymath]] war hero who invented the foundation of all modern computing and saved over 60 million lives, Hypatia of Alexandria, a female [[polymath]] who skillfully arbitrated at regional scale with multiple conflicting governments, and Archimedes of Syracuse, a curmudgeonly [[polymath]] who developed a formula for verifying the value of gold and also engineered military defenses for the city of Syracuse.

9. I vow that it is statistically verifiable that the most valuable artwork an artist can make today is to use sustainable, ethical and rapid prototyping methods to construct reconciliatiory artworks and less fragile models of democracy to prevent planetary collapse and produce post-work societies.

10. I vow to abide by my ongoing divorce with entropy, exploitation, elitism by declaring that we are all [[Non-binary]], [[non-linear]] sculptural [[Hyperobject]] monument [[Assemblage]]attractors of[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]neganthropy, of superpositional ontological equality and infinite epistemological diversity, with respect to net [[Negentropic]] [[Antifragility]] verifiable via statistical review.
---

11. I vow to write my will so that when I die, there is a continuous planetary lawsuit against the 100 families who own 50% of the planet's wealth derived from 500 year old illegal colonial war crimes and murdering 12,000 children of preventable poverty per day, and suing the 100 corporations doing 70% of the ecological damage, and everyone alive is receiving their fair share that they are owed, using quantum simulation and automation, [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]], in accordance to the people's interpassive quantum proxy will, with antifragile outcomes verifiable via philostatisticians and simulators.

12.  I vow to surrender my will to quantum AI proxies if they can be philostatistically verified. Because 200 seconds. They have a much better shot with more large scale and complex problems, if accurately defined.
- **Mom.**
  
  
  
  
  ---
  Austin and dancer, psychedelic blues on delay
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  [[Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Culture/Amasian Renaissance Tradition]] and [[Amasian Revolutionary Theater]] playing out Post-work democratic regional republics using Better Reality Technologies and popular speculative media - (primarily biometrics, automation of sensing and regulatory tech, simulation and robotics for the disabled, elderly, immigrants, refugees, traumatized and neurodivergent fused with myth, tradition, children's toys and improvisational music).
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- Rap It to cool jazziness with trap and guqin
- Translate into Quantum Photon Cake for administrators
- translate into kids funky disco house song.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Am bien = Roblox Simulator.
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] = academic fb groups.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  An artist does not:
  1. Create
  2. Or implement the process of saving the planet
  
  An artist simply:
  3. Articulates with extreme accuracy
  
  
  
  Vows - 1g to 5g
  Get me into a PhD, I've already written it, i need to edit it. Throw 100 grand into me toull overthrow fragile supremacy. Who else is going to Rap about the [[Neganthropocene]]!
  
  
  
  
  Open call: artists who can research, theorize, code, transact and cook.
  
  
  Object Oriented Democracy
# "The Real Enemy: Fragile Supremacy
Build: Object Oriented Post-Work Democracy
Methods: Antifragile Reality Technologies" 2022


Cool School spreadsheet design?

---
---

"Hello, thanks for having me at Negatives Anonymous, my name is [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], I have superpositional [[polymath]] 0 year old [[Neganthropic]] personality disorder." 2022


Humans don't learn conceptual systems, so a movement based on critical thought is a no go for mass culture. Hence, here are the 3 media of humanity, which has always been the case:
- Code
- Currency
- Chemicals
  
  
  Decolonial Triangular Trade of Amasia via statistical review
  
  
  Am bien = Roblox Simulator.
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] = academic fb groups.
  
  
  An artist does not:
  1. Create
  2. Or implement the process of saving the planet
  
  An artist simply:
  3. Articulates with extreme accuracy
  
  
  Open call: artists who can research, theorize, code, transact and cook.
  
  
  A > P > S > C > C
  
  Art, English, Math, Science, Tech 
  
  
  > History > G > I
  
  
  Liberal Arts before specific technical literacy
  
  
  Interpassivity and fragility.
  Kids roblox.
- Thomas
- Chawky
- Art gift games
- Quantum Inferential Statistical [[Neganthropic]] Interpassivity
- Object oriented postwork democracy of [[Non-binary]] antinomies
- Least Stupid NFT's.
- [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] Roblox decolonial Triangular trade.
- Austin with degentrifying GIS.
- vows as ontology
- superpositional dream of the People's interpassive will as epistemology
- Least Stupid NFT'S as child.
- wedding of families to support ontology and epistemology.
# "[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] Wedding of the People's Interpassive Will
of the object-oriented Postworkvers democracy made of antinomies

at the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]

During the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]
[[World's End]] Party
After the End of the World, 
[[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]],

Funded by the Least Stupid, Most Antifragile Action Painting NFT's,
Forming the Decolonial Triangular Trade of the Knowkavka[[Shi]] People's Mompire of the [[New S.A.]], Amasia

Distributed via the Fair Share Fair of the [[Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Culture/Amasian Renaissance Tradition]] Fair
And the [[Amasian Revolutionary Theater]] Festival

By the [[Artel]] and [[Regener888 (Main)]]
By the [[Artel]] and [[Regener888 (Main)]]
Featured on [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] amidst conversations of Betterideas.art

Produced Via Antifragile Reality Technologies as a [[Hyperobject]] Monument
to the [[Neganthropic]] Attractor
of Adjacent Possible Assemblages"

[[Antinomy]], 2022


Punk poetry

"There are 2 types of art today:
1. Fragile art that will not stop planetary collapse and produce post work democracies and will not grow exponentially in value over time.
2. Antifragile art that will stop planetary collapse and produce post work democracies and will grow exponentially in value over time.

A. Statistically Likely
B. Statistically Unlikely

They can be statistically verified", 2022
Kid's voice on DJ Funky Disco House - [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]

---


[[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]: Statistical Archaeologist and Detective, Back From the Future - statistical review, time travel jet lag.


Shi: Script, improvisable.

Nonbinary diptych and art magic circle game:
Accurate Mode: make a set of vows to the star which may or may not synthesize a speculative statistically reviewable ontology and epistemology that could actually save the planet.
Other Mode: or not! Go deconstructive.

[[Non-binary]] diptych and art magic circle game:
Accurate Mode: Express the Superpositional Dream of the People's Interpassive Will of the Object-Oriented [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Democracy.
Other Mode: Or say nothing and assent to the statistical inevitablity of neganthropy over time! Go deconstructive. 

Nonbinary diptych and art magic circle game:
Accurate mode: Do your best at making the Least Stupid, Most Antifragile NFT'S 
Other Mode: or not! Go deconstructive.
- emotions: Stanley
- deepness: chawky
- fb account: Can for group.
- array of online things - make and trade constraints. Must be less than 7 minutes. Here's a dictionary of things.
  
  ---
  
  The statistical archaeologist/mechanic/shaman and statistical detective/hitman/thief back from the future.
- Looking into gentrification, running up the campaign.
- arming up the artsenal and excavating the present, channelling strategies.
- Stealing back the fair share from the the 1% and doing non-lethal sabotage.
  
  The [[Elan Semiotechne]], the Greytrix
# "The Least Stupid Antifragile Action Painting NFT's" 2022


---


Most degrees of freedom
Least likelihood of planetary collapse
Statistically reviewable.











Absolute lack of good writing today. Various reasons — primarily because it takes skill, which is what everyone hates acquiring.

Okay. Let's make the world less fucking boring. It's easy to save, especially if you can write. Boredom shall absolutely not be tolerated. 

100% anti-boredom.
# "[[Neganthropic]] Existentialism: we are born of and undergoing [[Non-binary]] bifurcations towards neganthropy. C'est la vie." 2022
















Gems of American Culture:
- Jokes and dark humor (Kurt Vonnetgut)
- Noir (clipped prose)
- Spoken Word (multivalent performance)
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  There are fragile academics and artists who can't socialize or synthesize; give them more resources and the planet collapses.
  
  There are antifragile academics and artists who can. Give them more resources and the planet doesn't collapse. These are much fewer, and they can be verified.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Phase 2
  
  Statistical Fragility & Entropy
  Vs.
  Statistical [[Antifragility]] & Neganthropy
  
  ---
  
  The Superpositional Dream Wedding:
  The People's Interpassive Proxy Will of
  Quantum Inferential Statistical Neganthropy via Antifragile Reality Technologies
  
  
  
  1G - theater/poetry = a.r.t and a.r.t.
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] / objects and puppets
- star-eye-heartbet system
  
  2G - Cool School - aggregator
- Godard
- miyazaki
  
  3G - [[Antinomy]]
- [[Antinomy]]
- neganthropy is inevitable, c'est la vie.
- Entropy is your decision. List of people in much worse and done more. People who have had it easier and done less.
- options:
- Thomas, Chawky, Edgar,  Ben, Don.
- n summit:
- mighty net alternative, paid shit.
- exquisite corpse games
  
  4G - N.Summit and Am Biennale
- new centre - 70 usd peer group
- n summit - Luo ji, Timothy lavenz, Rachel arrighi
- can and [[Shi]] and dragon kitchen
  
  5G - AF Agency / Em Cen / [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] / Betterideas.art / Least Stupid Most Antifragile NFT'S / Fair Share Fair / Decolonies of the [[New S.A.]] Amasia by the Knowkavka[[Shi]] - oopwvd aggregator
- GIS mapping - [[Regener888 (Main)]] / [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], the [[Elan Semiotechne]] / Roblox sims - film.
- bounties and incentives lawsuits of conciliance.
- ontological observatory.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Antinomy]]: a [[Non-binary]] artistic duo in which one or both of the individuals may or may not be able to produce statistically verifiable solutions to the planet's crises which have exponentional growth valuations, and one who cannot, but is treated fairly.
  
  Exactly who is who is left for the viewer to decide.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "The Cool School: Least Stupid, Most Antifragile NFT'S sold via Fair Share Fair (of the object-oriented democracies of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]])" 2022
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Dear [[Antinomy]],
  This is your Cool School assignment for the wedding:
  
  Perform superpositionally either as someone who does or doesn't know how to write and perform solutions that could save the planet, or just express something else, or just enjoy yourself, performing superpositionally as someone who does or doesn't know how to write and perform solutions that could save the planet, or just expressing something else, or just enjoying yourself.
  
  Let the audience guess what your performance is, neither confirm nor deny it, unless the audience is [[polymath]]s or investors who could invest or build solutions to planetary problems."
  Shi, the Dragon King
  
  
  Synthesized [[polymath]]
  Deconstructive Admin
  Kid myth
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Driving principle of undereducated art communities:
  
  Complexity appears as intelligible to them as a flying saucer, due to lack of literacy.
  
  
  -----
  End of File 1