- In the movie, We Have a Speculative Dream, 3 tiers of action take place:
	- The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]] rapidly coordinates the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] via advancements in computation and philostatistics, particularly from [[Inferentialism]] . They hold an ongoing presentation space as well as a speculative nowtopian model hackathon, art challenge and gameshow named [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], using cooking show metaphors to keep it critical, speculative and playful.
	- [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] coordinates the Grey Berets to subcontract as crisis engineers and organizers and produce force multipliers in various crisis zones. They use the structure of film to rapidly re-script spaces to prototype speculative, neganthropic functions.
	- The Grey Berets deploy [[Regener888 (Main)]] to recruit individuals from grey markets with experience in drug trafficking to form distributed [[Artel]]'s to connect with smaller public sector organizations to contribute to building the [[Postworkverse Church]] and the [[Superpositional Gallery]]. One of the biggest [[Artel]] leaders, Treepac, leading Tree-Unit, raps out the Intercity Planetary Code of the Streets as both an absurdist hard trap album and PhD Dissertation. To keep chill vibes, they often collaborate with Spring Barley; a Reggae singer who is a self-aware piece of barley. In addition, they rap out tales of the Grey Watch, the quantumdead guardians who superpositionally wage the Grey Wars amongst living humans to direct the power of neganthropic abstractions; the tales often center around the recently murdered [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] .
	- Jean Goddamard the workhorse director. Films the Bananalutionaries.
	- Judge Graceful Gravity of State Space, the flying squirrel, master of gravity.
	- The Doughbama manifesto and Q-Fanon, the self aware speculative decolonial spirit of the internet.
	- Dr. N of the Autodidactic University and the Xenabloom. (Sara Walker and S. Kaufmann)