1. STAR:
   - [x] Email Amanda & Caroline
   - Buckets for everyone to prep : Send out e-mail.
   - Do Diagrams
     - [x] Write into PRD ✅ 2024-02-06

1. **Move into money for Ozan:**
   - Connect with Austin - be a worker & frontman artist for plant group.
   - Strategic partnership/marketing of Regener888, Decolonies ; therapy & guru services for mentally ill normies with Horror movie for **Amasian Biennale.** The lack of magic in the world and supply of dopeness is dwindling. Entropire conspiracy.
   - **Make anti-art + Ideapplebees & Amasian.co** small family business of Digital Services for non-profits for Neganthropocene summit. - **Long-term.**  Anti-catpitalism + Peter's Ideapplebees Mochi Piece.
2. Buy shit for Selma / Do valentines gift / Do real estate research
    - [x] Do invoice 

3. #ReturnItem : 
   - Return the black poncho to temu
   - [x] Return the charger ✅ 2024-02-06
   - [x] Return the small speaker ✅ 2024-02-06

4. Boryana - text and ask

- **Python:**  do the async architecture for the browser. 
	- Long running tasks & listeners = 1 event loop isolated, per.
	- Short on demand tasks - 1 combined event loop.
	- Separate by Event Loop, not thread.
		- Process > Thread > Event Loop > Events/tasks.
	- Make Diagrams.

- Workout - full body, light. Every day more intense.
- Diet: less carbs every day. Throw away unnecessary.
- Do laundry.


----

Today 2-7
- put in bets, double plays
- also credit and etc.
- Do invoice for Selma.
- Get Paragon mac file system

Friday
- Car in the morning.
- Call the traffick ticket person
- Do session at 1pm

Saturday
- Call mom at 3PM
- Finish Code

Monday
- put in ticket. WU. Or drive the ticket on Monday. Due 2/20 . Input on 2/11()