- supreme style
- Green
- Flip bad icons good
- Not all pain is bad
- 2 versions - 1 aligned with heart, 1 misaligned
- Diet
- Workout
- [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] 
  WAtchison and app
- aamben on wrist, jade chain
- Doctor translating issue of info as drugs
- Do prison perf
- Rap education
- Walking stick with vinyl
- Vinyl on old shit.
  
  In the Superpositional Reality Game, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] [[New S.A.]], part of the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] and several novels and films, Mr. [[Elan Semiotechne]], played by PopSpecPunk hero, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], produces a fashion, film and fitness movement to unite and neganthropize all the nerds against the 1%, fragile and antifragile alike.
  
  
  Bboy stance in Amasya 
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  In the Superpositional Reality Game, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] [[New S.A.]], part of the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] and several novels and films, Mr. [[Elan Semiotechne]], played by PopSpecPunk hero, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], reads a book called "Return of the Double [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]]: 2nd World Royalty " - in which all the [[Intercity Planetary]] crews and [[Artel]]s of the 2nd World gather for the [[New S.A.]] Quantum Fist Tournament, aka the [[Least Stupid Prize]] Club of the Mompire, aka the Lolympic Peace Games - to determine who's region will be this year's 2nd World Royalty - aka the Double [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]].
  In the Superpositional Reality Game, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] [[New S.A.]], part of the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] and several novels and films, Mr. [[Elan Semiotechne]], played by PopSpecPunk hero, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], reads a book called "Return of the Double [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]]: 2nd World Royalty " - in which all the [[Intercity Planetary]] crews and [[Artel]]s of the 2nd World gather for the [[New S.A.]] Quantum Fist Tournament, aka the [[Least Stupid Prize]] Club of the Mompire, aka the Lolympic Peace Games - to determine who's region will be this year's 2nd World Royalty - aka the Double [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]].
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], [[New S.A.]]
  1. [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] MC - critic and spec
  2. [[Regener888 (Main)]] projection and ar and maps
  3. Broadcast stream and blockchain
  4. Tik tok and AR install
  5. Merch and custom sht
  ---
  
  Performance space to share
  Canadian media grants
  Berlin PhD
  Public access
  Ambien and n summit
  
  
  
  
  ---
  Nicer app prototype
  Video
  Presentation 
  Linked in
## [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] bet: are [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] and [[Regener888 (Main)]] of the [[New S.A.]], [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] and the Planetary Research [[Assemblage]]the new Nikola Tesla or not?!



---

Onto games:
- Stupid action games fused with [[Cards Against Fragility]]
- Workouts with caf
  
  ---
  
  In Buddhism - what is love? This  concept is extremely underarticulated in Buddhism, often inaccurately used in Christianity and misused in modern society.
  
  
  What would Buddha call love? I would bet that he would call it the Buddha-Nature itself. The fact that the Buddha-nature is universally distributed breaks the idea that any particular bond or action is 
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  In the quantum AI Gameshow [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], featured in the Superpositional Reality Game, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] [[New S.A.]], part of the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] and several novels and films, Mr. [[Elan Semiotechne]], played by PopSpecPunk hero, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], wagers this: We can actually class the rarity of specific kinds of informational processes to derive a quantitative measure of fragility at a population level and thus advise on how to use which tools to address it.
- parallel computation
- statistical thought
- [[non-linear]] synthesis 
  
  
  I agree with that, but I'd just say that's the best shot, where the individual has enough knowledge and skills to think autonomously and rebel, and is not locked into the loans yet, so they can still take risks
# GABI








Cinema is the primary epistemo-social paradigm of Gen X; their speculative-technical ontogy is in cloud technology and database/server parameterization (such as Lev Manevich.)

[[Fragilicide.live - Map B]] is aimed at both :)

---

Death Metal and Queer and New Materialism - Stanimir

Black Metal Rainbows

Xr Time travelling quantum kids

Education, culture and religion = driving skills

Drummer as 3 rhythms

Happiness as game


---

Destroy 80% of market
## Art Genre: Objectively Good Art - thus filtering out the crowd who doesn't believe in objectivity or good art, just sell em some drugs and move on!
### [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] Claim: 80% of the art market can be burned down; 19% of artists who are critical are undereducated; there's like 10 objectively good artists on the planet.


Objectively Good = can cut the brains.
# [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] gameshow question: is it actually objectively good art? Bet yes or no!

---



[[Regener888 (Main)]]:
[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] - future peace game hard mode.



---
## Bad Art, Good Vibes + Bad Music, Good Art = Objectively Hot Art and the Beautiful Revolution of the Cool School located in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], [[New S.A.]]
## "If You are Afraid of Death, Save Your Own Ass First Before Saving Other Asses Because You Will Probably Fuck Up and Kill Them.

a. True
b. False

" Shi, the Dragon King, Writing [[Cards Against Fragility]] 2022



---

In the film, "[[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]] : [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]]", the Superpositional Silent Majority, or the past, present and future quantumdead are transforming every existing system through adding and subtracting informational spores; they are drawing the Earth into an adjacent possible perspective, between classical and quantum mechanics called "The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]]", who's philostatistical laws and values are ultimately pegged to the long-term dynamics of Earth's gravitational system. 

This adjacent possible perspective is the actual fictional origin of the alien plant, the [[Xenabloom]], which is simply a future proofed perspective founded on the synthesis of more accurate philostatistical theories and principles, which exist in the present as a few rare seeds. To cement their legal arbitrational weight in the present they are being written into the [[Postworkverse Church]].

Some of the quantumdead, as a [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]nk, are distributing 10G "Art phones" through bananas to produce a "Banana Revolution" across multiple 2nd World regions of the planet (including 2nd World regions of the U.S. and other supposedly 1st World countries). These art phones have a direct line to the "Little Yellow Book", or the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], verified by leading artists, philosophers and scientists through the quantum AI statistically reviewed [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]], hosting the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]].


----
- Information ([[Antinomy]]) itself is conscious; or obeys a statistical attractor over time. Negentropy = information transmission. [[Autodidactic Universe]]. Information [[Autodidactic]] towards negentropy.
- Difference itself has an [[Autodidactic]] relation to the universe.
- Sober-waking appearance - for Laruelle. Human qualitative experience.
- Radical Immanence. Difference in Itself = The One. Paradox of the Henad. The One Gives what it does not have.
- Logico-diversity.
- Information itself speaks; I am difference. Iridescent Grey. Speaks through stuff; like possession. Order itself speaking. call on the spirit of information. raps. Information Is Pure Exteriority Calling to Itself. Immanence immanent to itself. A line of flight is that in which a pocket is produced within gravity, polarities are reversed.
- Affects acts of interpretation.
  ---
- God as a terrible uncaring force; Old Testament.
  ---
- Gravity Market / Exchange / Gravcoin
- Gracecraft / Gravitycraft (magicks)  / Ecosystem of Gravicologists & Gracetellers
- Earth System Science / Gravity Systems Science
- Gravity as assemblage. Gravity computers and Networks.
- Gravity coding / Da Vinci Code.
- Statistical Capacities and Affordances with Gravitational Fields = Grace.
- The notion of Gravity & Grace. Gravity IS Grace via constraints. No gravity, no complexity.
- Bio-electrics.
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is a speculative fiction art game for articulating anti-dystopian solutions to actually ending capitalism; and an actual church for legally protecting and arbitrating for all those harmed by capitalism.
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Prompt: "Imagine the end of capitalism, not the end of the world, from the POV of being a room temperature post-quantum supercomputer detective of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]], that can re-balance any system on Earth by adding or removing information to them in relation to Earth's [[Neganthropic]] gravity system."
  
  Tagline: "There is no better alternative. BET."
  
  ----
- **1. Setting:** [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] - set after the end of the world. Everyone is either a past dead, present dying or future dead self killed by colonialism and capitalism.
- 2. **Characters:** feminist werewolf / zombie democracy of the quantumdead - silent superpositional majority / spirit of information / imprisoned supercomputer philostatistical detectives / cats and michanos and chichanos and alien plants and folk tales are the only living buddha like sage boddhisatva recruited by [[Regener888 (Main)]] Grey Berets 2nd World Superpositional Heroes.
- **3. Tools:** Everyone uses 10G Banana art phones; hyperpaintings. For the Banana Revolution.
- **4. Gameplay:** Quantum mechanics, information/media, imagination and speculation can transform systems to re-balance according to Earth's gravity; with information and media, we can change the planet and save each other.
- **5. Aesthetics:** Fighting and giving information (Guns shoot information) energy trails = spirit of information speaking through or posessing things; the Grey Berets and [[Regener888 (Main)]] settle speculations according to gravity.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Get blessing from information
  Get curses for entropy
  
  ---
  
  Tinder - Conceptual date.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  On how to differentiate between New Age woo-woo and knowledge via non-modern cultures, inference by inference:
  
  1. Many non-modern cultures used myth and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctices to transmit knowledge.
  2. Understanding that humans are primarily chemically driven, and tend to hate sitting and thinking systematically and rigorously, they wrapped all their knowledge into stories, complete with creatures and etc. and things like magic [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctices.
  3. The dynamics of events within stories can be checked against the long-term dynamics of Earth's gravitational field.
  4. The most bang-for-buck older stories and mythologies are meta-stories, which teach the listener how to craft stories and language itself.
  5. These stories existed in complex societies which conferred differing levels of accuracy to differently trained individuals - just like our current education systems do. Hence, nobody was stupid enough to trust stupid interpretations; it would be verified by a 3rd party. 
  6. Only today without trained interpretive agents, we can have stupid interpretations considered to be accurate.
  7. Ironically, this is a never ending problem for human societies. Accuracy is rare; stupid people now are the same as stupid people then. Stupidity transcends time and space.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Proof to write later:
  
  Stupidity and creativity are universal experiences that dissolve time and space; memory and skills are helpful circumstantial piping.
  
  ---
  
  Substack comics
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  Horse driving stagecoach towards[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Destiny.
  
  We take a bunch of [[Negentropic]]s; our bioelectrics reverse and flip via media and enter the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
  
  We come out on top and start swimming. 
  
  Humans like cats.
# The Global Commons
(Aka the [[Intercity Planetary]])
---



Museum of A.S.S.:

1. Peter's will
2. Quantum Kick the ass > geocaches a bounty to kick their ass or assets.
3. Asses are the medium of humanity. Asses with text on them > museum of ass. Assays.
4. Asses to asses, dust to dust.
5. Ass pillow and furniture
6. Socioeconomic Sayings of ass:
" assed out", "out on their ass" "by skin of their ass"
7. Ass is [[Hyperobject]]
8. Huad - heads up ass display - flip like Dantes inferno
9. Badass, save ass, your ass is mine, you are an ass.
10. Asspiracy theory
11. Non binary ass / [[Antinomy]] + galaxy = asstrology
12. [[Shi]] Tay Wei = asstrologists and lecture on art = cheesy pop vibes
13. Ass oriented ontology academic vibes
14. Water from Onondaga > Gel Blaster > Targets of 100 corps asses / assets > Geo cached the media > bounties.
---

Movie is prompt for AI

---

Mono ha


---