- Finish Taxes
- Do database shit - get middles up and running!
- Call Selma
- Work on text with jon, nihan, selma.
  
  ---
  Facebook Lawsuit
- August 25, 2023
	- UPS
	- Return Walmart - $200
	- return Michael's- 50
	  $250
- check car depreciation rates
  
  ---
	- plus- $100
	- 350 + 400 = 750.
	  
	  + 300 from boryana = $1000 to nail.
	  
	  Triple record and toast the miro videos.
	  
	  Get Ajay to admin. Get maker girl to admin.
	  ---
	  
	  
	  
	  Generation 4 artists
# "From Polluted Water into Why Not? The Postwork Exchange Miracles" 2023






From the [[Postworkcraft]] game -
the oath of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Ideavatar, also the Penguinarchists: 

I do not shoot with my hand; they who shoot with their hand have forgotten the face of their mother. 

I shoot with my mind. 

I do not kill with my gun; they who kill with their gun have forgotten the face of their father. 

I kill with my heart.

I do not aim with my sight; they who aim with their sight have forgotten the face of themselves.

I aim with my Quantum A.I.  

[[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]; Worst Comes to Worst, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]!

---


The Indefinite Singularity H.U.D. into the [[Adjacent Possibilities]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].

---
- The 5th slice - is in the 4th dimension of the adjacent possible, visible only through seeing through the Indefinite Singularity H.U.D. and escape room game vision.
- 7 layers through the adjacent possible:
	- Imagine you know all the the things of 7 generations past.
	- Imagine you act for 7 generations forward.
	- Imagine your future generations already support you.
	- Imagine that whatever you do now will be the future history of the [[Amasian Peoples]].
	- Imagine that you can destroy the 1% simply by using informational techniques to destroy their extremely fragile corporations.
	- Imagine that you can enter the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], just by understanding the damage done by Neoliberalism and then studying the 70's collective syntheses of D.A.R.T.S.
	- Imagine that you or anyone could eventually teach yourself to be a [[polymath]], given enough time, space and resources.
	  ----
- Inclusively scalable
- Inclusive but unscalable
- Uninclusive and scalable
- Uninclusive and unscalable
  
  
  ----
- Antifragile Agent P. Roxy makes a greylist block on the blockchain and destroys a greylist block irl for the Monument of the Postwork Majority to fund the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] ([[Adjacent Possibilities]].) Create a loop.
- Sells on the Postwork Exchange. Every once in a while, there is a random orgasm triggered and also an offset credit bought, each inferred as a protest against the 1%.
- XR Postwork party cake / evil eye in Hubs / intersecting Geometries video object.
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] / future [[polymath]] network of the EFI, verifiable via SRP. Takes Antifragile Agent P. Roxy as ideavatar. ESTA'S MOM IS the [[Shi]] Dragon, or Elan L'hote of the [[Intercity Planetary]], Indefinite Singularity, Inclusive Scalability and [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Organizations/Autodidactic University]] and Pure Game. A GUEST/HOST of the [[Xenabloom]] seeds.  Come back to combat Loab. (Paradigm shifts that even Ray and [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] didn't know.)
- Hopscotch I.S. Hu.D. /. Indefinite singularity Notion , Inclusive Scalability Genetic Algorithm and Neganthropo.site = kids. Corporations and institutions are extremely vulnerable to disruption; everyone is exhausted- why not do accumulative sabotage?
  ---
  
  
  Persistence is resistance; directed stupidity is sabotage.
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Omg, we can reward insane individuals in corporations to sabotage it.
##### [[Ethical Futures Institute]] Leaked Advisory to the [[Intercity Planetary]], retrieved from the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Discord Server:

BECAUSE 1980's education and social services budget cuts debilitated the skills, knowledge and legal supports for collective self-organization - this means the bulk of the corporations owned by the 1% driving the damage to the ecology and society are staffed by utterly fragile, borderline insane individuals. 

These individuals can be turned against each other and transformed into "Improvised Entropy Machines", which can cripple the organization from the inside through unwitting sabotage.

Think Milton, from Office Space.



Hypothesis: the fastest way to dismantle neoliberalism is to use the forces of stupidity.
---
### [[Ethical Futures Institute]] Advisory to the [[Intercity Planetary]]:

1. The reason 99% of modern societies have no culture of effective self-organizing is because of education, social services and cultural production budget cuts in the 1980's which destroyed cultural vocabularies.
3. Look back to the 1970's when there was a cultural synthesis of D.A.R.T.S. that could arbitrate across disparate groups (of course not without problems) - Democracy, Art, Research, Tech, Spiritualism. 
--
Research
Art
Democracy
Spiritualism
Tech




Postwork Party Manifesto:

1. Postwork
2. Post-rent
3. Post-non-universal-health care
4. Post-non-subsidized education
5. Post-non-subsidized-cultural-production

---





[[Ethical Futures Institute]] Advisory

1. Reconstruction following Neoliberalism will take close to 40 years.
2. Advances in media today will come from technically skilled artists; advances in culture will come from games.
3. The best form for politics and justice is musicals, food, children's cartoons, jobs, law and bounties.
4. The best way to produce justice is through tech, art from the underground.
5. The best way to make tech and art is to quit art, connect the [[polymath]]s of the [[Ethical Futures Institute]].
---



Elan l'hote reflection:

Isn't it ridiculously bizarre that today we have tools that can literally craft light?

Quite unbelievable!

---

[[Regener888 (Main)]] Musical

---




Lumatechture: the architecting of neganthropomorphic light, or beauty-in-itself, whether it be in illuminations perceivable via eyes, the synapses of the brain, or the photosynthetic [[Semiotechne]] of living organisms and machine circuits.





Beauty is quite easily rescuable; it is the alignment of relations along an inclusively scalable trajectory. 

Visual relations are always secondary concerns, better when improvised.
---

Well time to make some stupidly beautiful things :D.

Thankfully the Postwork Party is beauty friendly.
---







Hmmmm, time to strip out the concepts and critical theory from images. Let the Postwork Art begin!
---

Hit Counter:
Web 1
1. Hit as physical
2. Hit as bounty
3. Hit as website
---
Web 2.
1. Video
2. Perform 
3. Archive
---
Web 3
1. Blockchain as monument for postwork.
2. Block physical - iOT
3. Block as roam KMS hyperlink unit
---
Web 4 Miro as legal board. - Claire Bishop phase 4.
1. Miro as dev board
2. Miro as community kms
3. Miro as Lombardi
(IcP) - wix, stats, notion, miro.
---
Web 5
1. Games and incentives 
2. Inclusive Scalability / Indefinite Singularity
3. Atomicization, autonomy, automation.
---
Web 6
1. Postwork Art
2. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]
3. Postwork Minument 

Harun Farocki

---
### "In 2023, Functional States Trade and Kill [[polymath]]s Like Pokémon Cards; the Left is About 40 Years Behind" 2023







The lineage of 5th Generation Artists ([[Semiotechne]]) :

1.  Won Hyo, Apollonious, Yi Sun Shin
2. Leibniz
3. Asja Lacis
4. Harun Farocki
5. Hito Steyerl
---



The 5 A's of 5th Gen Art:
1. Autonomy
2. Atomicization
3. Automation
4. Agnosticism
5. [[Antifragility]]









The Left academics we have would be happy to study a dead planet; the publics would be happy with a painles death. GREAT.

---




The Postwork Deal:

1. You're aware enough to know things are broken, but too fragile to fix it.
2. Why not show your incapacity while
3. 
























































Oh! When education and social services are cut, there is less conceptual complexity, invention and visual culture; people shift towards material and performative expressions...

Hmmm.... can we fuse them?
---







The Last Possible Discipline, Industry, Culture and Ethics:

[[Neganthropology]] and Lumaculture

---





The Monument of the Postwork Majority details the 7 demands of the Postwork Party and 7 bets against the devil.

1. Postwork labor economies (as already implemented in x,y,z)
2. Off-market subsidized housing (as already implemented in x,y,z)
3. Postwork health care (universal health care) (as already implemented in x,y,z)
4. Postwork universal basic income (as already implemented in x,y,z)
5. Postwork digital co-ops and exchanges (as already implemented in x,y,z)
6. Postwork [[polymath]]-based education (as already implemented in x,y,z)
7. Postwork defense systems (as already implemented in x,y,z)
8. Inclusive Scalability, [[Antifragility]], [[Neganthropocene]].

These can be verified via statistical review by [[polymath]]s.

In addition, as it is a 5th Generation artwork, as detailed in the 5 Degrees of Freedom, the Monument will simply be co-opting existing systems and reformatting them without permissions, in accordance to Back From the Ethical Future Institute's [[polymath]]s and AI as President [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]], the Robot Unicorn Guardian Angel, who is using Antifragile Agent P. Roxy as his puppet Ideavatar. 

He



--
Cake
Rap - chill speech
Puppet 
---

5th Gen Art = no explanation or buy-in necessary, like 4th Gen Art.
- Autonomy
- [[Antifragility]]
- Automation 
  
  6th Gen Art:
- [[polymath]]s
- Underground Money
- Kid's games
  
  7th Gen:
  1. Beauty
  2. Tools
  3. Toys
  
  ---
  
  Okay, so the populations are pretty much cut down...
  
  
  
  
  
  
  All the invention of new complexifications topped out at 2016... everyone is just translating stuff now for the masses... but it's going to take about 40 years to reverse all the damages of neoliberalism.
  
  Where is the actually new stuff happening? Why not just form a small group of [[polymath]]s?
  
  ---
  
  Look, I understand the necessities of visualizing marginalized populations.
  
  But you 
  
  "Could"
  
  5th Gen Art... music, science and film - the least illiterate audiences.
  
  "Art Award for helping locate [[polymath]] artists who aren't tied up" 2023
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Goals: 
  
  1. Not working with non-[[polymath]]s.
  2. Setting up an inferrable audience and network.
  3. Thence forward, art as a single person, commissioning others for tasks.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Holy crap are there any other [[polymath]] millenials that can engage in public conversation? With their mouths and brains?
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Let's just do this:
  
  Everyone who is not a [[polymath]], I will give you an art award if you refer me to one for a conversation.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  Trying to communicate in Limbo, or the 3 monkeys 🙉🙈🙊 problem: 
  
  1. In Limbo, 1/3 of the monkeys can't compute - so they can't build or compete; hence, they develop cultures of media and spectating.
  2. In Limbo, 1/3 of the monkeys can't communicate; hence facial expression and gifts are the extent of communication.
  3. In Limbo, 1/3 of the monkeys can't do math or logic, let alone probability; hence they produce performance and poetry.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Postwork Party: the party for people who are good at one of 3 things.
  
  Calculation, communication and computation.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Hell is being the single human on a continent that can imagine, invent and improvise.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Plan:
  
  1. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy goes solo and makes actual art, by, with and for [[polymath]]s.
  2. [[Antinomy]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] & [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] translate it into populist middle class semi-politics, aka the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Party.
  3. The autistic and near autistic are deployed for avant garde resistance.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Some recent art history:
  
  1. Positive aspects of recent social practice and theory fiction evidence a long-standing synthesis of D.A.R.T.S. which is a prosocial epistemology for gluing together the various fragments of society - democracy, art, research, tech, spirituality. This pierces through today to the 70's all the way back through to nomadic tribes.
  2. A strain of Post-net, Conceptual Art, Forensic [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]xes and components of the Ontological Turn fall into 5th Generation Art - [[Semiotechne]]. These have no inherent politics, they can be and are used by both bad actors to oppress and a few inventors to invent. Working on [[Semiotechne]] is always to work on a weapon and miracle simultaneously.
  
  
  ---
### "The 10 Postwork Party Demands" Antifragile Agent P. Roxy as Representative of the [[polymath]]s of the [[Ethical Futures Institute]], 2023

---
#### "Modern societies are irreversibly stupid, harmless and f--ked wastelands of harmless, irreversible stupidity for like 40 years at least; every weirdo who has a shred of intellectual skill and sense of humor, come hang out at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]." 2023
### "We can't fix stupidity, we can only bet with certainty that it will obsolesce itself over time,

Everyone else who has a shred of intelligence, time to hang out in the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Organizations/Autodidactic University]]!" 2023
## Gen 6 Art: [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Organizations/Autodidactic University]] (aka Cool School)
If our societies weren't so f--king stupid, we wouldn't be drowning in stupid art. Smarter humans = smarter art. Best artwork? A place to gather humans in an endeavor to become less stupid, particularly that annoying human known as Antifragile Agent P. Roxy.
## Gen 7 Art (Universe-Scale Evolution)

A series of artworks that verifiably evolve the planet, and arguably, the universe, and clarify the endpoint trajectory of the[[neganthropic evolution]]of the universe itself. (Once you know, it's super f--king boring, but WAY LESS boring than art!)

---









Next: just scrape the web for the least stupid artists, arrange the "Least Stupid Art Exhibition".












The Least Stupid Exhibition:

An exhibition in which intellectuals who have a proper set of theoretical tools, both professional and otherwise, are in dialogue, and we can forgo all this insane sh-t about making a f--king object or form based work in 2023 for God's sake!

---








The best: an intellectual milieu that isn't boring.

For the non-intellectuals, money, drugs and parties should suffice.
---

Next: Fusing the dumbest cultures with the most intelligent, for art, not for social change, that's not my job! The 1% owe everyone reparations, not me!

---


Hockey + Complexity Science + Rap on Thought

---

Tfw when you have to produce new culture because you're the only a--hole alive with all the pieces.

Well at least this time, it's a planetary scale and planetary grade synthesis! 

Total home run!

---

The [[Democraseum]] Blockchain Rap

---








Planetary catastrophes ain't my problem, the 1% should pay up. Also, everyone hates learning skills and solving problems, so education and aid is pointless, also not my problem.

As for me, new planetary scale synthesis and culture! So bored! 





Gen 6 Art:
[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Organizations/Autodidactic University]]

Gen 7 Art:
Planetary and Universal Scale Evolution

---

Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's bets against the Devil takes place in inferential time - which is time created by inferences meshing.

---

In [[Postworkcraft]], various Ideavatars wager that Feminism could not possibly be:

1. Anti-intellectual / anti-self defense
2. Anti-spiritual / anti-postwork
3. Anti-evolution / anti-tech

---



1. Now, lots of older generations of Feminism equate the accumulation of capital with justice. 
2. Objectively, this is not true; it is possible to produce justice without accumulating capital.
3. Typically, there is no set trajectory for feminism - particularly no endpoint with a number which could be statistically verified. 
4. Fourth - Feminism, particularly older generations, is not 

---
# "The Feminist Index" , Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

A simple index measuring most inclusively scalable feminism, using the most inclusively scalable criteria selected by feminist [[polymath]]s and AI.

---



Hm, the Oppressed are change-averse.

---




The majority of humans in art don't understand it as concept-first; it's pretty much seen as affect-first. 

That's really not going to change, because the humans drawn to art right now, usually have some type of evolutionary variance that weights their experience towards affect-first. 

There is not going to be a sudden enlightenment and transformation into a culture of concepts. 100% nope. 

---


Science is boring; philosophy is boring. Both are useful.

Work is stupid; art is techne. What could someone without skills possibly make that an AI couldn't?


"Paraphrasing a Hito Steyerl article : without skills, I can't make anything." 2023