- "Balance the Books" refers to a growing political sentiment across [[Web 3+]] in which populations are more and more becoming aware that the damages of capitalism can be successfully balanced by offset by correcting a few policies in light of historical illegalities and new possible uses of technology - thus producing new and more accurate relations of equity.
- Thus politics in the 21st Century is accurately defined as more accurate bookkeeping and book balancing in relation to accurate regional metrics and endpoints, constantly updated by researchers across the planet.
- Understanding the incapacity and inflexibility of current legislative and civic infrastructure, "Balance the Books" augments traditional methods of advocacy and civic engagement with new technological methods - particularly narrow AI and automated inferential networks.
- By making an accurate baseline transparent and accessible via a simple search, what is enabled is a new type of politics which is called "The Politics of Accuracy".  People can simply refer to the most accurate metrics in regards to any political claim - similar to checking a price of an item online. Thus, a "leader" is unnecessary; what's needed is simply a high school level of literacy, and any time a political claim is made, it can be checked against an accurate calculator.
- Thus individual agents of varying scales, from individual to city, can act independent of any whole and rapidly produce local implementations of "Balance the Books" in regards to specific issues desired. Each component of each implementation can be evaluated in terms of accuracy, which are updated to the maximal scope of knowledge at the time, synthesized from researchers and datasets across the planet.
- Although the datasets are large and the analyses and syntheses sophisticated, what the end user will see is simply a 5 step calculator, learnable in 5 minutes which again, will be executable by someone with a high school level of literacy.
- Politics is coding a high school brain.
- Future cost - a lawsuit is being prepared against you with [x] costs with [y] public and private and press and artists. would you like to learn about possible less costly arbitration methods?.