- Captain Amasia - a superhero of the [[Adjacent Possible]] dimension who is a self-aware conceptual artwork and a speculative ethical hacker, who can produce conceptual designs, statistical models, art and automated technologies that can be verified and implemented in fiction, art, simulators and reality, featured in an ongoing video diagram series:
	- 1. Self aware that all the relations constructing them- ecologically, socially, technologically and artistically are modifiable - they refuse all norms, negativity and avoidable stupidity simultaneously and declare all binary 2-value logic based interpretations as objective conceptual errors and [[weak [[inference]]s]] and can be dealt with as such, in relation to the physical threat posed by their implementation. They are incorruptible.
	- 2. They are Amasian, quantumsexual, composed of [[quantum photons]] undergoing manifold transduction or [[Quantum Invagination]] at minimum 10^10 times per second biased towards [[negentropy]].
	- 3. They are unequivocal about their appraisal of all past, present and possible social institutions; they are all simply statistical models with more or less accuracy per problem and more or less likelihood of errors per timescale - all having to deal with the physical constraints of the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Facts/Autodidactic Universe]], composed of [[quantum photons]].
	- 4. Their tool for political change is univocal: ethical hacking, quantum data science and analytic design of accurate statistical modelling and proofing of entropic and negentropic propositions using open source intelligence and 8 comparative knowledge disciplines, and gamified incentivization of resistance. Their primary ontology is based on a mixture of [[Complexity Science]] and [[Assemblage Theory]] with the use of a heuristic matrix drawn from 8 comparative knowledge disciplines and human-machine team implemented [[Inferentialism]] to arbitrate particulars.
	- 5. They prefer to outsource 80% of affirmative solidarity building work, while taking a 20% commission and focus 80% of their time on crafting automated systems to embarass institutions, produce complexifying propaganda and eviscerate fascist organisations with a 20% public participatory element for PR reasons.
	- 6. Their medium of choice is quantum logic, AI, analytic design, fiction, comics, art and open source intelligence management systems, crypto bounties, wagers and gamification of open source universal basic infrastructure.
	- 7. They have 8 degrees in comparative sciences, philosophy, art, politics, economics, cultural studies, media studies, religious studies. They have saved 4 people from death, sprung 1 from jail, negotiated and produced artworks that have toured in the most prestigious of venues, produced an unmatched trans-disciplinary intellectual environment online, synthesized the information architecture for 22nd Century knowledge production which can produce solutions to prevent Earth's guaranteed collapse in 600 million years, invented technology that can prevent 12,000 children from dying of preventable poverty per day and produced analyses, conceptual designs and implementation strategies which can prevent the ecological collapse of the planet in 10 years and produce 88% regional equality, carbon neutrality, regional participation in planetary paradigm shifts across the planet.
	- 8. They can paint the center of the universe, sonify the history of the planet and performatively embody philosophy in a method verifiable by real-world human experts and machine simulators, and also produce self-aware fiction that is interwoven with varying degrees of accuracy and scalability into real-world systems.
	- 9. Their adversary is the 100 [[Most Sus]] entities of the planet Earth - the top 100 corporations of the planet producing 70% of the ecological damage and 100% of the finanicial inequity. Simultaneously, they are constructing [[Open Source Universal Basic Infrastructure]] with the [[Open Source Universal Basic Intelligence Communities]].
	- 10. They are participating in the Least Stupid Movement Game and running as Least Stupid Presidential Candidate in solidarity with the [[Superpositional Party]].
	- **Captain Amasia on Why is 2022 Phase 5 of 500 Years of Intercity Planetary Resistance?** (synthesis of new media and technologies, collapsing of old hierarchies and redistribution of subjectivity, agency and complexity):
		- We have been through phase 1 - began in the 15th Century, when capitalism was invented by the Hanseatic League of Germany.
		- We've been through phase 2, which was the illegal variation of capitalism - colonialism up until the 18th Century.
		- Phase 3 was industrialization from the 18th to beginning of 20th Century.
		- Phase 4 was the World Wars and the construction of a network for comparative synthesis of the planet's knowledge and information systems- up until the 2010s.
		- Phase 5 is the strategic reversal of the inequities of the various four phases - its paradigm is the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and redistribution of empowerment via the synthesis of media and technological networks for populations. The muscle is going to be ethical hacking, statistical modelling, automation, gamification and incentivization. The skin will be the oppressed.
		- This will requiring a flattening of cultural codes - art, pop, religion, science, commerce, occult, politics, tech.
		- There is nobody alive today who is not a variation of the Neo-Pangean supercontinent currently in formation known as Amasia; neither is there anybody who is not a 7th Generation descendant relative from the Amasian 15th Century indigenous peoples who amidst their resistance to colonialism, produced prophecies that by the coming of their 7th Generation descendants, the planet would rebalance itself.