- ---
- # 1. Introduction
	- [[Antinomy]], an art group founded by [[Ozan Atalan]] and Chongha Peter Lee, are excited to propose a distributed exhibition, critical dialogue and performance art space titled **"Democraseum"**. This exhibition aims to fuse Turkey's strong cultural expertise with a global network of artists, organizers, intellectuals and inventors using Antinomy as its fulcrum. There are 3 main objectives:
		- 1. Produce anti-hate, anti-fascism and anti-racism, Anti-exploitation through physical and digital happenings, participatory actions, workshops and discussions through the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]].
		- 2. Create organizational interfaces intersecting democracy, art, research, technology and spiritualism in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] project.
		- 3. Synthesize and direct intellectual and technological capacity towards conflict resolution for aid, education and reconstruction in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]].
	- With this in mind, we propose the framework of a "Democraseum" as both an open, fluid and goal oriented space for connecting disparate domains, organizations and cultures. Turkey's established critical intellectual infrastructure and trans-cultural diversity provide an ideal setting for such an exhibition.
	- The exhibition will utilize a transmedia approach featuring relevant works interweaving both traditional and new media praxes across New York, Amsterdam, Miami, Berlin, Vienna, Canada, South Korea and Colombia connected with the conflict resolution schools and justice-oriented communities of Washington, D.C.
- ---
- # 2. Branches
	- ## A. Transorganizational Geopolitics - the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]]
		- As we navigate today’s crises, it is essential that we securely and openly communicate and collaborate across different organizations and communities. During times of social conflict, accurate and fluid communications can equate to lives saved and catastrophes prevented. Historically, in various countries, art and culture have played vital roles of keeping lines of accurate and complex dialogues between organizations, publics and press. Due to the art field’s complexity of meanings, it can convey sensitive messages in public with less danger of triggering a mistaken antagonistic legal or social response.
		- In addition, more than ever, today’s organizational systems function digitally and interface both directly with the public and other organizations. It is critical to integrate critical awareness with today’s digital infrastructure, friendly to newer media culture that the public understands. We propose to integrate an ongoing critical-dialogue based media art project named the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]]. The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] functions as a distributed broadcasting station promoting critical culture, dialogue and performance, connecting universities, arts organizations and publics.
		- Both members of [[Antinomy]], [[Ozan Atalan]] and Chongha Peter Lee, have been experimenting with fusing critical strategies and discourses from art history with newer media habits. This includes the use of sculpture, painting, games, poetry, pop culture and AI to collage a form of cultural encryption that can be read as signals by populations, yet not endanger any particular entity by revealing sensitive or specific information. [[Ozan Atalan]] in particular has produced sculpture for the Istanbul Biennale that articulated a more accurate and direct critique of today’s eco-social relations. In addition, the co-founding member of Antinomy, Chongha Peter Lee, has been working in data visualization, user experience design and AI ethics in projects of the highest sensitivity and complexity, such as the with the General Architectural Collaborative, an organization to aid genocide survivors in Rwanda and also ESMC, one of the largest and most effective carbon markets in the world.
	- ---
	- ## B. Transmedia Cosmopolitics- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]
		- Today’s technologies allow us to use a combination of social media, video, interactive installations and AI to map the complexities of a particular crisis, rapidly prototype conflict resolution strategies and gather feedback from people all over the world. However, these tools and discourses typically exist in isolation and require skilled transmediators to connect them.
		- A transmedia approach allows us to bridge disciplines, cultures and technologies in a way that is accessible and engaging to a wide audience. These ideas can then be tested in a real-world context with academic rigor, and refined together with a diverse community as it adapts to changes.  An existing example of this would be a recent installation executed by the artist group Antinomy, titled “All Lives End, All Ends Meet in the Neganthropocene Summit”  in which religion, research, social media, AI and performance were synthesized to visually facilitate new conversations and connections across domains, in an artistic and intellectual conversation that spanned the planet.
		- By creating a narrative of collective conflict resolution spurred by intellectualism and invention that spans different media platforms and channels, we can inspire people to take action and work together towards a common goal. In addition, skills gained and networks constructed during this work can stimulate local economic activity, rapidly propagate new infrastructure for both civic uses and decentralized crisis relief, such as NFT’s funding critical art and crisis relief, connecting arts organizations and small businesses. Antinomy has already produced the first prototype for the NFT Biennale, of the New Media Art Museum of Istanbul, Turkey.
	- ---
	- ## C. Transregional Biopolitics - [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]
		- Simultaneously, we can use transregional art and culture to defuse fascism, affirm solidarity, provide a space for autodidactic education, and offer transcultural exposure. As we live in an increasingly interconnected world, it is important to recognize that fascist ideologies can spread across borders and impact people in different regions, primarily from miscommunications stemming from under-education.
		- To foster trans-regional antifascism, Antinomy has been developing a digital and physical Happening-based project titled “The Amasian Biennale” over the last few years which has had a recent manifestation, in Brooklyn, New York. The premise of the Amasian Biennale is based on recently published studies by Yale in the prominent scientific journal, “Nature”, on the merging of the continents into a neo-Pangean supercontinent titled “Amasia”. This continent is named after the joining of the American and Asian continents. In addition, there is a city named Amasya, Turkey, which exhibits the synthesis of Afro-Asiatic, Asian-Amerindian and Eurasian cultural flows. Hence, the Amasian Biennale proposes to create a planetary cultural common ground based on the dynamics of the planet’s ground itself.
		- The Amasian Biennale has been producing Happenings centered around collective self-teaching and self-initiated crafting, which often produce organic forms of conflict resolution. Collective spaces of self-teaching attack the root of antifascism and undereducation, which produce conflicts based on isolation and de-skilling that reduce autonomy, communication and socio-economic mobility.
		- [[Ozan Atalan]], who’s PhD research on “Affective Epistemology” is a critical text for this learning-based antifascism, has years of experience teaching both traditional and digital media arts at Izmir University, giving workshops at the Istanbul Modern and consulting for media arts programs in the U.S. Chongha Peter Lee has produced large-scale participatory projects and individual media works for the Medellin Biennale, Venice Biennale, Documenta Fifteen and Manifesta assisting vulnerable populations in clearly articulating their autodidactic visions while maintaining artistic integrity.
		  collapsed:: true
			- See [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Praxes/Cool School]]
	- Notes 
	  collapsed:: true
		- Bio-politics, Geo-politics, Cosmo-politics
		- [[Monument of the Postwork Majority]] , [[The Neo-probabilist Photographs]] [[Superpositional Network]]
		- [[The Intercityplanetary]] - a crowd-sourced and AI verified archive. [[Postworkmarket.art]] .
		- [[PostworkCraft.lol]] ,  [[CoolSchool.lol]]
- ---
- # 3. Participate
	- [Link to Submission Form](https://forms.gle/SCA3yeM2NBH1T1pt5)