- [[Inferentialism]] is an open source ontology produced by the [[Open Source Universal Basic Intelligence Communities]].  [[Inferentialism]] posits 8 [[inference]]s which can be engaged with in the same manner that scientists and military generals engage with [[inference]]s - through friendly or staked wagers which can be determined through the articulation of [[accurate]] [[inference]]s by both humans and non-human agents.
  id:: 63a6c977-24c1-434a-ac18-742925ae9731
	- 1. All components of the universe, both physical and informational are composed of photons, both visible and invisible. Photons are composed of discrete quanta of [[superpositional]] waves of energy which exhibit both particle and wave-like behavior depending on circumstances. 
	  id:: 86d6a321-6283-4e17-bf66-fc823d63ec5f
	- 2. These [[photons]] undergo [[Quantum Invagination]] at a minimum speed of 3 x 10^10 per second. During any one of these [[Quantum Invagination]]s, the phenomena of [[False vacuum decay]] could be triggered which could collapse the entire universe at light speed. The process of [[Quantum Invagination]] can be broken into compositions of entropy extraction and modelling processes of varying scales and tasks, systems, environments and timings with varying degrees of inferential accuracy and improbability.  These photons obey a probabilistic tendency over an arbitrary timescale also known as [[net negentropy]]. A metaphor could be stated that every photon of the universe is guided by a [[Negentropic Compass]] at a minimum of 3x10^10 per second. 
	  id:: 367c907e-278a-4e64-8a2e-e24ac978cde3
	- 3. [[Erwin Schrodinger]] articulates that negentropy - the definition of life - is the maintenance of a balance of negative entropy in an open system which produces order from disorder. Closed systems tend towards higher degrees of entropy - random behavior. Negentropy is the continuous transmission of information to recombine pre-existing matter and adjacent possibilities into more complex steady states comprised of non-linear relations. 
	  id:: 614c7a21-720f-4100-91a0-cbceda484b21
	- 4. The exact position of every photon could possibly be computed 100% [[accurate]]ly, but due to energy costs, no possible computational device can be built that articulates every position of every photon at all times with 100% [[accuracy]].
		- This is also referred to as [[Bounded Rationality]] or [[partial views]].
		- This also explains [[Black Swan]]'s and [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]].
	- 5. Every existing component of physical and informational systems can be adequately described as photonic inferencing, with more or less [[accuracy]] in regards to its probabilistic relation to existing or articulated physical constraints. Each act of [[inference]] costs energy, matter, information and time, which can be 100% [[accurate]]ly computed if the resources are allocated to it.
	- 6. There are an infinite number of abductive logical systems that can be re-[[inference]]d into any number of infinite combinations.
	- 7. At all times, any entity can dispute the [[accuracy]] of an [[inference]] against the universe's probabilistic tendency of [[net negentropy]] over time over an arbitrary timescale.
	- 8. An a priori [[inference]] always exists in relation to any given inference, which may or may not be defineable given the problem of [[partial views]] or [[Bounded Rationality]] but in regards to the set of photons it inferences either in the abstract or during the process of inferencing, it will always obey the universe's probabilistic tendency over an arbitrary timescale.
	- These 8 [[inference]]s comprise the foundations of [[Inferential Reality]] technologies and the [[Inference Web 3+]].