- **New Materialism Questionnaire, Response to [[Uras Kizil]] by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Individuals/Chongha Peter Lee]]**
	- **What do you think about the New Materialist philosophy's definition of “the agent”?**
	- From my position, I interpret New Materialist agency primarily from Manuel De Landa’s assemblage theory and empirically proven statistical principles of quantum computing. I understand agency as humans, non-humans and machines weaving infinitely complex and open-ended assemblages of exterior relations over time, subject to both contextual probabilistic states and larger-scale statistical laws, with and without intention of any particular agent. Like in a fabric, agency is interwoven within individually spun threads comprising entities as individuals, and also emergently interwoven into a textile patch composing a population of individuals, which is then stitched together from disparately sourced threads, for either semiotic signalling or decorative pleasure.
	- In the long-run, it is empirically proven that systems probabilistically tend towards negentropy, or self-organizing to higher levels of emergent complexity, rather than entropy and destruction. In terms of the fabric metaphor - it is proven that over time, a more complex tapestry will be created rather than all the fabrics on the Earth being burned and the practice  of sowing being erased and eradicated.
	- Inherent to this understanding of a statistical and assemblage-based “agent” is the conception of multiple time-scales and differentially constrained physical systems functioning and generating information in simultaneous parallels; such as the tectonic plates underneath the surface of the Earth self-organizing over a timescale of 200 million years while I am on the surface of the Earth, typing using a computer processor which can exceed 200 million calculations per second, while laying in bed.
	- Finally, for my interpretation of a New Materialist agent, I would attribute the most radical capacity of the agent as being able to assemble novel agents that can exceed the originating agent’s particular capacity. For example, I can imagine a novel “agent” born from an AI coded to continuously scan data of the Earth’s tectonic plates and then compose and play a symphony where the energetic traces of the tectonic plates shifting are mapped to various human-audible frequencies.
	- Or I could teach someone how to use AI, or show an artwork, and it could unpredictably assemblage an emergent thought which leads to the articulation of a solution to saving the planet which I had extremely low odds of assembling myself, due to the limitations of my own informational and bodily constraints.
	- Alliances with non-human living and non-living things can be found in various aspects in today's art. The alliances in question are also very convenient to open up political, social and ecological issues. From this point of view, it is possible to see all these alliances as manifestations of the agency of matter at various levels. What are your comments on the relations that can be established with matter?
	- The agency of matter is of utmost importance in politics, society and ecology. I think the dynamic is most clear when the agency of matter contextualizes and produces information system paradigms.  Systems of matter probabilistically self-organize and tend towards higher levels of complexity over time, primarily by producing and maintaining effective informational systems and interfaces to reduce physical energy expenditure and the risk of catastrophe or extinction. Basically, to reduce risk of physical catastrophe and extinction, they tend to develop sophisticated information systems.
	- In the fabric metaphor - augmented methods of textile production allow individual fabricators to produce more complex forms due to the transferring of certain tasks into exteriorized tools, such as a sowing machine. I would argue that it is provable that the exploitation in fabric industries is not inherent to the complexification of fabrication tools; rather this is the inaccurate and unethical decision-making and practice s of a few capitalist agents, rather than something endemic to the material, technology and culture of fabric production and markets. In the long run, simulations prove that this exploitation can be corrected, and will be corrected.
	- Despite the historically unprecedented distribution of technological and media systems today, with over 5 billion devices online and more than 43 billion bots operating - there are extremely inefficient and inadequate mediating methods in use, particularly in politics, society and ecological initiatives. Governmental agencies have extraordinary difficulty coordinating, as do institutions, industry, markets,  and mass culture. Paradoxically, I think the best thing we could learn from the agency of material systems - is how to deal with each other and expand our agencies as humans.
	- **In what context(s) does the new materialist thought being random, lively, dynamic and activating possibilities take place in your own thought and/or art practice ?**
	- I would say the most principle dynamic for me is general statistical laws that span across physical and informational systems, such as the law of negentropy and a general ontology of quantum computation and chemistry, which empirically prove the efficacy of multi-perspectival logics and encourage computational parallelism in processes. Quantum computers, using statistical parallelism, can solve problems in two hundred seconds that it takes classical supercomputers ten thousand years.
	- In this context, I see any given exploration, artistic and otherwise, as simply a play with the statistical systems and laws of the Universe. I heavily encourage individuals to rapidly experiment - safely, without endangering others and hopefully minimizing risk to one’s health also. I heavily advocate for using art spaces for simulation, prototyping and mediating environments, or my personal favorite, fun games with food and nap time, and rapidly and freely exploring material and informational systems, non-human and human alike. Materials by statistical law, have exponentially more unknown capacities than they do known capacities - as do we!
	- I would say it is statistically provable that our purpose for existing and living within the constraints of the human body and mind, is not to produce work, artwork, or even know and understand the universe, but it is to safely play with any and all materials and processes to intentionally and unintentionally fold and unfold new complexities of matter, information, and whatever fleeting mixtures of the two that we call “ourselves”.