- Quantum mechanics has 5 primary consensus properties:
  id:: ad554074-ccc8-4480-a76b-f740d948f2aa
	- Quantum mechanics describes the universe as [[quanta]] of waves of energy which then can be represented as [[photons]] which obey a universal probabilistic tendency over an arbitrary timescale, also known as [[negentropy]] or the [[Universal Attractor]].
	- Quantum mechanics describes all energy, matter and information in [[superposition]] - occupying multiple states simultaneously.
	- Quantum mechanics extrapolates [[inference]]s backwards and forwards in time.
		- One of the biggest paradoxes in astrophysics may finally be solved. The question of what happens to information when it falls into a black hole has vexed physicists for decades, and now a group of researchers claims to have figured it out.⁠
		- When Stephen Hawking calculated that black holes should slowly evaporate by emitting radiation – now called Hawking radiation – he also created a problem. His work suggested the radiation should be emitted in a way that depended only on the black hole’s current state and not on what previously fell into it. If correct, it would mean that when matter falls into a black hole, all the information about the state of that matter would be destroyed.⁠
		- This isn’t allowed in quantum mechanics, the laws of which require that it must be possible to use the state of any closed system at any point in time to extrapolate forward or backward in time. Essentially, it must be possible to mathematically rewind the system in order to understand its past state – but if information is destroyed, that possibility is destroyed with it. This problem is called the black hole information paradox.⁠
		- Xavier Calmet at the University of Sussex in the UK and his colleagues claim to have solved the paradox. They have been using a framework called quantum field theory to explore what happens when quantum mechanics and gravity interact at the edge of black holes. When they applied quantum mechanical corrections to calculations of stars evolving into black holes, they found that these minuscule corrections required information to escape the system, along with Hawking radiation, once it had become a black hole.⁠
		- https://www.newscientist.com/article/2312882-stephen-hawkings-black-hole-paradox-may-finally-have-a-solution/
		- https://www.instagram.com/p/CbaQ6cAuw7n/
	- Quantum mechanics has been used to point towards the general make-up of the universe as comprised of a single substrate of [[superpositional]] matter, energy and information. This is also known as "Apeiron" which has an overlap in philosophical circles.
	- Quantum electrodynamics has shown the gap between an inferential schema and a system of physical [[inference]]s which [[Manuel De Landa]] and [[Deleuze]] refer to as [[Abstract Diagrams]], a concept used in [[Virtual Materialism]].
		- Conclusions[[edit](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Quantum_electrodynamics&action=edit&section=8)]
			- Within the above framework physicists were then able to calculate to a high degree of accuracy some of the properties of electrons, such as the [anomalous magnetic dipole moment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anomalous_magnetic_dipole_moment). However, as Feynman points out, it fails to explain why particles such as the electron have the masses they do. "There is no theory that adequately explains these numbers. We use the numbers in all our theories, but we don't understand them – what they are, or where they come from. I believe that from a fundamental point of view, this is a very interesting and serious problem."[[1]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_electrodynamics#cite_note-feynbook-1): 152