- Metadata
	- Title: The Aesthetics of Exodus: Virno and Lyotard on Art, Timbre, and the General Intellect
		- tags: #R , #[[art theory]] #[[pedagogy]] #sound, #[[performance art]]
- Authored by: [[Derek Ford]]
- Year: [[2020]]
- Publication: Cultural Politics (2020) 16 (2): 253–269.
- Citation: Derek R. Ford; The Aesthetics of Exodus: Virno and Lyotard on Art, Timbre, and the General Intellect. ____Cultural Politics____ 1 July 2020; 16 (2): 253–269. doi: https://doi.org/10.1215/17432197-8233434
- Context
	-
- Reading Notes
	- **# The_aesthetics_of_exodus_Virno_and_Lyota.pdf by None**
	- URL: urn:x-pdf:ddec89ded8788c1527c73fee086d9534
	- [[political praxis]] arises out of, as it responds to and intervenes in, the actual coordinates of contemporary [modes of production]([[mode of production]]).
		- One of the key resources to understand and respond to this configuration of capital continues to be [[Karl Marx]]’s concept of the [[general intellect]], as it anticipated in many ways the increasing role that [[Knowledge]] plays in processes of production, accumulation, and life.
	- For [[Paolo Virno]], [[exodus]] is a mode of resistance that entails [defecting]([[defection]]) from [[capital]] and the state while creating new forms of belonging and producing.
		- new forms of belonging and producing
	- The move to [[Lyotard]] is more unorthodox, as [[Lyotard]] is generally positioned as antagonistic to [[Marxism]] and the communist project. Yet as I show below, his [[critique of capitalism]] explains a good deal about our [post-Fordist]([[post-Fordism]]) regime, and [his]([[Lyotard]]) work on art and music provides rich resources for thinking about the [[aesthetics of resistance]] under the regime.
	- The article begins with a brief reading of [Marx’s]([[Karl Marx]]) “[[fragment on machines]],” in which he introduces the [[general intellect]], and then moves ^^to Virno’s reconceptualization, which is significant in that it fully emphasizes the generality of the [[general intellect]].^^
		- Virno, in other words, makes the [[general intellect]] indeterminate, such that it’s not composed of particular knowledges and thoughts but __the potentiality for them.__
	- Virno’s [[conception of]] [[post-Fordism]] emerges most directly from his analysis of Marx’s [[general intellect]], a concept that organizes a section of the sixth and seventh notebooks of the [[Grundrisse]] ([[1993]]).
		- Collectively and posthumously known as the “[[fragment on machines]],” in these ten or so pages Marx theorizes some of the contradictory aspects of changes in the organic [[composition of]] [[capital]] (specifically the relationship between living labor and machinery).
			- The basic thrust is that, to increase its productive capacity [[capitalism]] depends on the development of [[Knowledge]], which it congeals into fixed [[capital]]. Together with living labor, [[capital]] becomes one large machine system that, “set in motion by [[automation]], a moving power that moves itself; this [[automation]] consisting of numerous mechanical and intellectual organs, so that the workers themselves are cast merely as conscious linkages” (692). Rather than workers deploying skill and knowledge to transform raw materials with tools, under this new configuration [[agency]] is shifted to the system as a whole, such that the workers are only relay points in the production process, which is progressively dominated by machinery:
		- The productive force of society is measured in fixed capital, exists there in its objective form” (694). Workers no longer run machines; machines run workers.
	- For Virno, [[post-Fordism]] is the total empirical realization of the tendency Marx articulated in the [[fragment on machines]] in that today the [[general intellect]] provides a primary motor for capital. There are, however, two important caveats with this accomplishment.
		- The first is quite obvious: the realization of the fragment happened without any liberatory bend.
		- The second is theoretically more significant and takes the form of a criticism of Marx: his formulation “neglects the way in which the [[general intellect]] manifests itself as living labour” (Virno 2007: 5).
	- Out of the ways that [[capital]] reconfigured itself in response to the overlapping crises of global capitalism, as they manifested in the most industrialized countries in the [[1960s]] and [[1970s]], Virno focuses on how [[capital]] absorbed and redeployed the elements that opposed it.
		- [[post-Fordism]], in other words, integrates precarity, instability, and the desire for cooperation and education into its operation. The working life isn’t a continuous life but one constantly interrupted, subjected to periods of latency, and redirected. Instead of one or a successive series of relatively stable and long-term jobs within the same general field, one has multiple (often overlapping) temporary or short-term and flexible jobs that take place across different sectors.
	- The form of life corresponding to this is one that’s engaged in endless learning and reorientation to different and shifting rules, norms, values, and so on. Yet what is sacrificed in every case is pure potentiality and indeterminacy, as periods of latency are immediately periods of train-ing to actualize another potential.
	- At this point we arrive at [[Virno’s reconception of the [[general intellect]]]]: while the [[general intellect]] is composed of particular knowledges, ideas, capacities, inclinations, and so on, Virno puts his emphasis on the ^^generality of the [[general intellect]].^^
		- The particular manifestations of the [[general intellect]], that is, are less important than the general capacities of the intellect.
		- Rather than designating “the aggregate of the knowledge acquired by the species,” the concept indicates “the faculty of thinking; potential as such, not its countless particular realizations” (66).
	- The resources of the [[general intellect]] include “the faculty of language, the disposition to learn, memory, the capacity to abstract and relate, and the inclination towards self-reflexivity” (Virno 2007: 6). It is not that these faculties were totally absent in [[Fordism]], of course, but rather that they were mobilized in their specificity as opposed to their generality.
	- That is to say, labor under [[post-Fordism]] isn’t developed in a unidirectional manner (wherein the worker is trained for one job or career) or even in a multidimensional manner (wherein the worker is trained for several jobs or careers); rather, what matters in the production of labor is labor as potential. However, it is a potential that is valorized only through its actualizations.
	- As such, the communications industry (e.g., broadcasting, [[social media]], public relations, entertainment, telecom) replaces the machine factory to assume the hegemonic role of production under [[post-Fordism]]. That an industry is hegemonic under a particular constellation of a [[mode of production]] means simply that it “produces machinery and other instruments to be used in the most varied sectors of [[production]]” (Virno 2004: 61).
		- Insofar as the determining aspect of the [[general intellect]] is its generality, today the communications industry provides the [[means of]]of production]] for industry in general, as it produces communicative schemas, systems, and styles that are dispersed to other industries.
			- While the communications industry provides these models and methods, these are the subject of continual renewal and reinvention. [[capitalism]] depends on workers’ ability to acquire these models and methods over and over again, as well as to adapt them to different industries; hence it mobilizes their general potential for communication.
		- In particular, the [[performance art]]ist is the paradigmatic form of labor-power for Virno. This is principally because of the virtuosity of [[performance art]], of which there are two interrelated aspects.
			- The first is virtuosity’s absence of an exterior goal or product. The [[performance art]]ist produces an ephemeral and singular happening. “At the end of the play, or of the concert,” Virno (2015: 22) writes, “nothing remains.
				- The pianist or the actor performs an activity without Work. Or, if you prefer, the purpose of their activity coincides entirely with its own exe-cution.” There’s no identifiable or alienable commodity separable from the act of production that drives the production process.
			- As a consequence —    and this is the second defining aspect —    the [[performance art]]ist requires an audience or a public, without which the performance can’t be said to have taken place at all.
				- The fugitive labor of [[performance art]] requires an exposure before others. Along these lines, [[performance art ]]takes on the characteristics of political action and becomes a form of [[praxis]], rather than [[episteme]] or [[poiesis]].
	- To put it differently, because ^^[[post-Fordism]] is a kind of stable instability, in which precarity, flexibility, and rapid transitions are the norm^^, what matters is not a training in a kind of speaking and acting but a training in the indeterminate potential to speak and act.
		- “Forms of life” under [[post-Fordism]] don’t “hide the disorientation and the instability of the human animal but, on the contrary, they push them to their extreme and systematically valorize them.
	- ever before have the demands and contours of the capitalist economy shifted with such frequency and rapidity. This is confirmed in the dominating discourse of the learning society and the prevalence of continuing education, adult learning, and lifelong learning.
	- ^^We are never done learning because we are never done retraining and reskilling ourselves.^^
	- With an endlessly shifting economic landscape, we are all [[perpetual learners]] who must continually be reeducated to continue meeting the demands of the post-Fordist economy. In essence, then, what the [[post-Fordist mode of production]] puts to work is the generic indeterminacy and potentiality of life itself.
	- [[capital]], of course, doesn’t produce the [[general intellect]] but actualizes it repeatedly. Capital puts to work “not only the instability of our species, but also its related need for uninterrupted learning” (197)
	- To put it differently, training involves exposure to [[flexibility]], [[uncertainty]], and change.
		- Thus, from the perspective of [[capital]], when the worker’s job is replaced thro[[automation]]tion, the worker immediately reenters the training grounds as they look for work and try to make ends meet on a daily basis.
		- ^^The workplace and the school are no longer privileged sites for preparation for the working life but, rather, the entirety of the social field.^^
		- (And here, again, we can see why this has important implications for value.)
			- Society as an evolving totality produces the [[general intellect]], which in turn serves as an unmarked script for the virtuoso proletariat that capital puts to use.
		- Whereas under [[Fordism]] the university prepared the student for a career, the university now prepares the student to continue learning; or, alternatively, ^^whereas Fordist schools produced workers, post-Fordist schools produce learners.^^
	- At the same time as the [[general intellect]] is the infinite generic resource for exploitation under [[post-Fordism]] for Virno, it also serves as a pathway of transition from [[capitalism]] to [[communism]].
	- we create “a public sphere outside the state and . . . a political com-munity that hinges on the [[general intellect]]” (Virno 2007: 8).
	- We have to delink the [[general intellect]] from capitalist production while at the same time forging a new common around and through it.
		- For Virno, this dual project takes place through exodus from [[capital]] and [[the State]]. This is a path that [[the Left]], to its own detriment, hasn’t yet taken into account, having embraced the (conceptual) border —    which is “stable and fixed” —    instead of the (conceptual) frontier, which “is an indefinite area in which to proceed” (Virno 2005a: 20).
	- One way to do this, I suggest, is by mobilizing potentiality that’s freed from the demand to immediately actualize.
	- Exodus isn’t a path of development beyond but, rather, an innovative and [[affirmative withdrawal]] from [[post-Fordism]] through the production of new forms of belonging.
		- That is, instead of a march past the limits of capital, it’s an internal reconfiguration and disabling of [[capital]]. What I want to do now is articulate some of the central themes of exodus, and then, by returning to “I speak,” to introduce the importance of [[desubjectification]] as a breach that makes exodus possible because it returns us to the generic indeterminacy of the [[general intellect]].
	- Exodus begins from contemporary conditions, constraints and all. Yet rather than oppose, protest, or negate these constraints, through the movement of [[defection]] it reworks and reshapes them.
	- [[defection]] “changes the context within which a problem arises” and “changes the rules of the game and disorients the enemy” (Virno 1996: 199).
		- As an example, he offers the [[defection]]s from factory life in [[1970s]] Italy, in which the factory exits refused to accept factory life or strike to improve it and instead created a new form of life.
		- The soviets give institutional form to [[defection]] and antagonism of [[the State]], emptying out the power of the state as the soviets incorporate its operations, from wealth distribution and education to urban planning and media: “The Soviets elaborate actions that are paradigmatic and capable of blossoming into new combinations of knowledge, ethical propensities, technologies, and desires” (203).
		- The soviets give the [[general intellect]] a common space outside [[the State]]. That the soviets are paradigmatic means they operate not through [[transposition]] but through the example: “The example is not the empirical application of a universal concept, but it has the singularity and the qualitative completeness that, normally, when we speak of the ‘life of the mind,’ we attribute to an idea” (203 –  4
	- We can see this difference by returning to “I speak” and focusing on its role in [[individuation]]. ^^As an absolute performative, “I speak” does nothing except communicate the ability to communicate^^; it’s a particular utterance that happens in a certain moment but expresses the universal generic basis of utterance.
	- That is, every time that a danger, a doubt, a possible confusion can be dispelled only be reenacting, within the specific forms of human life,  the travails of [[anthropogenesis]]” (60). When the child begins to speak, they initiate the absolute performative through  different expressions of repetition, fabulation, and announcement. Whereas developmental psychology focuses on the content of these repetitions —    which they call “egocentric” —    Virno argues that their enactments as the absolute performative are what really matter.
		- Whereas [[Lev Vygotsky]] held that egocentric language dissipated into the adult’s internal linguistic acts, in which words are thought but not enunciated, Virno argues that egocentric language routinely reappears in adult life. This happens when the grown human utters sentences or fragments to them-selves, such as “What did I come into this room for?,” “All right, keep going,” or “Take it easy.” These examples take the “implicit” form of “I speak” in that “their ultimate meaning is ‘to say: “I say” ’ ” (72). What this shows is that the “I” is not a presupposition and that the [[process of]] [[becoming]] an “I” isn’t linear or final.
	- Instead, the “I” is the result of an individ-uation, a process that repeatedly occurs. In other words, the common preexists the singular, as the subject continually reemerges from the generic or universal.
	- When I express myself, I do so only because of my access to the generic lin-guistic faculty. The individual is ultimately a particular actualization of the potenti-ality of the [[general intellect]], “which, far from being something conclusive, might be thought of as the base which autho-rizes differentiation” (Virno 2004: 25).
	- [[the State]]'s role is, as a result, to produce a public sphere by uniting different individuals through [[representation]]. We could thus view exodus as beginning with a subjective [[defection]] from [[the State]], a [[disindividuation]] that doesn’t reject the individual by asserting a common, but that reconfigures the landscape of being. The subjective project of exodus takes the dominant con-ception of individuality and undermines it by opening it to a relation with the generic.
	- The soviets, then, are bodies that allow and facilitate the recursive movement of disindividuation and individuation through the [[general intellect]].
	- Virno doesn’t provide an in-depth treat-ment of art and aesthetics, as he moves quickly and almost abruptly from the virtuosity of the [[performance art]]ist to that of the speaker. In my reading, this move isn’t so much an eschewing of art as it is another move from the specific to the gen-eral that shows that [[performance art]] isn’t a discrete and privileged domain but, rather, a generic relation to the [[general intellect]].
	- [[Lyotard]] is often posi-tioned as antagonistic to [[Marxism]] and the communist project and is therefore written off or, in most cases, altogether ignored. Yet [[critique of]]e of [[capitalism]] (or “the system”) explains a good deal about our post-Fordist regime
	- As Pietro Bianchi (2011: 39) notes, Virno stands out in his own tradition as being “the most unscrupulous about inserting non-orthodox references.”
	- As we’ve seen, the net of exploitation and dispossession couldn’t be any wider, which is why the communist struggle for Virno (2004: 71) is a reconfiguration of space, time, and labor; a combined defen-sive and offensive struggle of exodus, or the utilization of the surplus of the [[general intellect]] that “impedes the ‘transfer’ of this surplus into the power of state administra-tion, impedes its configuration as produc-tive resource of the capitalist enterprise.”
	- Capital’s infinite powers of [[subsumption]] are revealed most succinctly in one of Virno’s formulations: “[[post-Fordism]] is the ‘communism of capital’ ” (111).
	- Capitalism has taken the demands of communism as new energies to reinvigorate itself.
	- [[Lyotard]]’s [[conception of]] [[capitalism]] helps explain this phenomenon, especially in his writings around and in the wake of the col-lapse and dissolution of the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc socialist countries, in which capitalism proliferated rapidly and frighteningly without any competitor.
	- Con-trary to assertions that [[Lyotard]] accepted the inevitability and permanence of capital-ism or that his later works are less political than his earlier ones (e.g., Williams 2000), I maintain that it’s in his later works that [[Lyotard]] offers some of his most political formulations, ones that the communist project would do well to consider.
	- In the face of an unopposed capitalism, a [[unipolar]] [[imperialism]], [[Lyotard]] advances formulations, proposals, and speculations that can be engaged as ar[[defection]]fections from [[post-Fordism]].
	- For capitalism is development; it “developseverything, but this development is not necessarily the progress of freedom. This development complicates the relations between the elements of a system in such a way that the system finds itself perform-ing better” ([[Lyotard]] 2009: 38).
	- Through increasing differentiation and complexifica-tion, the system’s ratio of inputs to outputs is improved; the greater the quantity of differences the better the rate of perfor-mativity.
	- Every barrier is only something to overcome, every divergence is some-thing to incorporate. In what sounds like a strikingly Marxist phrasing in a short piece that’s critical of Marxism as a political trend and mode of critique, [[Lyotard]] (1997: 69) writes that “the very obstacles that are opposed to it push the system to become more complex and more open, to promote new enterprises.” Critique, after all, is intended “to pinpoint and denounce every failure of the system with regard to eman-cipation.
	- But what is remarkable is that the presupposition behind this task is that emancipation is from now on the charge of the system itself, and critiques of whatever nature they may be are demanded by the system in order to carry out this charge more efficiently” (70). The response is not to resign to the system but to seek out and find those elements and forces that contin-ually escape from and resist the system.
	- Throughout his writings [[Lyotard]] figures these in different ways (with dissensus and differend being the most well-known).
	- To take a familiar example, the differend (the irre-ducible difference between two parties) can be transformed into a litigation. The system requires this litigation to deal with the differend, but this litigation requires a reduction of the differend, which is irreduc-ible. Thus what [[Lyotard]] (1991: 4) wants to do is to “reserve” those elements that the system’s incessant development “hurries, and crushes” —    “the unharmonizabl
	- .” This is similar to Virno’s take on [[post-Fordism]], which can never capture the pure poten-tiality of the [[general intellect]]; it can only force it into different actualizations. In both instances, there is a dialectic of sorts at work, in which an irreducible potentiality can be the source of both exploitation and resistance. Yet where [[Lyotard]] wants to “reserve” and “bear witness” to potential-ity, Virno wants to both preserve and mobi-lize it for a committed project of exodus.What I’m after, then, is an appropriation of [[Lyotard]]’s aesthetics for exodus.
	- In one of his later pieces on music, “Music, Mutic,” [[Lyotard]] (1997) writes that what is art in, or of, a work of art resists all categorization or periodization. The works themselves can be placed in any number of contexts —    political, economic, historical, geographic, and so on. Even though they can condition their emergence or even explain their “function,” none of these con-texts can contain or make intelligible the [[artwork]]’s art.
	- [Art]([[art]]), that is, is  always  a  movement — a  [[gesture]] — that points to a beyond of cognition and the individual subject as a sort of passing charge. As a [[gesture]], [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/art]] is ephemeral, yet the [[artwork]] might persist, in which case the ephemerality isn’t a singular but a potentially recurring event. [Art]([[art]]), as such, not only defies contexts but also form and content —    in sum, it defies the actual mate-rial. It’s not only [[performance art]] that’s virtuous in its fugitivity, but [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/art]] in general.
	- This is a fairly consistent caution of [[Lyotard]]’s that extends beyond his writings on art and aesthetics. Con-sequently, there is a persistent tension at work in [[Lyotard]], or at work through [[Lyotard]], one that’s no less political than it is aesthetic: art is independent of form and content, and yet it can’t but make an appearance through form and content. This is the “defining paradox of art,” for [[Lyotard]] (2009: 41): it is within and beyond form, within and beyond the body. Even though art is independent of its form, it comes only through some kind of form, no matter how deconstructed it is.
	- the artwork contains both form and gesture. [[Lyotard]] defines the [[artistic gesture]] as one “of space-time-matter” to keep it firmly outside metaphysics.
	- Musically, sonorous matter is some-thing audible that gives way to the inaudi-ble, something we can and can’t hear.
	- Repetition, after all, escapes itself. When we repeat a work of music, we necessarily perform it differently.
	- There are, actually, two different kinds of repetition: determined/determining and “free” ([[Lyotard]] disavows the term quickly by noting that it’s Immanuel Kant’s).
	- The first kind of repetition “fixes sonorous mat-ter into distinctive properties for acoustic knowledge” and “is guided by an Idea (in the Platonic sense) of a self (the sound) according to its exclusive identity” ([[Lyotard]] 1991: 154). The determined/determining repetition is cognitive, absorbing sonorous matter into information, data, techniques, tone, pitch, gradation, rhythm, and so on.
	- “Free” repetition, by contrast, isn’t cogni-tive but aesthetic in that it “accepts [that] variation and transposition is ‘only’ made up of analogy” (154). While the intentions and structures of the repetitions are differ-ent, in the last instance all repetition is rep-etition with singularity: “Even what is aptly called the ‘rehearsal’ [répétition] of a work by a performer or a group of performers cannot manage to control the timbre or the nuance which will take place, singularly, on the night of the concert” (155). A rehearsal is a kind of repetition, and yet as anyone who has been part of a rehearsal will admit easily and without hesitation, every rehearsal is uncontrollably and inescapably different.
	- [[timbre]] is a sonorous event, an eruption of [[sonorous matter]] within the material, one that can’t be forecasted or recounted. We can’t know when the [[timbre]] will pass through us, and we can’t recall when it leaves. Of course, we can try to name and discuss it, to compare and contrast it with others, comparing the performance tonight with that of last night. However, this only changes “the present nuance . . . into a nuance reported, retained, deferred, so that it becomes a different nuance” (156).
	- Timbre can be put to work for capital in the sense that tickets to the performance can be sold; critics can write and pub-lish their commentaries; financiers can invest in musicians, own labels, and even speculate on musical futures, and so on. It is in this sense that timbre, for [[Lyotard]], resists absorption within the circuits of capital: the aforementioned examples aren’t a commodification of timbre itself; they instead entail representing and articulating —    and therefore reducing and ultimately disavowing —    timbr
	- e. My claim (which is consistent with [[Lyotard]]’s) is not that timbre is a magical sound that unlocks communism or is even inherently anticap-italist. In fact, in the same way that the general intellect is an infinite potentiality that capital can exploit infinitely but never totally capture, one could rightly argue that timbre, as an unarticulated potential, can serve to mobilize new forces of capital to repeatedly reduce and transform it.
	- Yet what’s important for my argument is that timbre stands as a sonorousexample of an [[aesthetic defection]] from actualization.
	- If the [[general intellect]] serves as the score from which the musical composition emerges as an actualization, then timbre is a [[defection]] from that actualized form back to potentiality. The [[artistic gesture]] isn’t [[exodus]] in itself, but it is a potential [[opening for]] [[exodus]].
	- The poetic mind through which the art charge passes is a mind suspended, a disordered mind that [[Lyotard]] calls “passibility: a disseizure” (346). The dis-seized mind is one deprived of inter-est, cognition, preference, taste, and the ability to synthesize, or to place anything in a temporal order.
	- The artwork evidences both a particular [[expression of]] the g[[general intellect]]and the generality of the [[general intellect]] although it points less to the potentiality for thoughts and more to the potentiality of feelings and affects.
	- And here we arrive at another side of the paradox of art: The “[[gesture]]” that is [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/art]] isn’t the product of an agent, is “not the doing, or not simply the doing, of a conscious subject, namely, the composer” ([[Lyotard]] 1997: 218, emphasis added).[[timbre]] isn’t a [[vector of subjectification]], emanating from and to a subject, but a [[vector of desubjectification]]:It is necessary to repeat: the act is not performed by the composer —    it expresses no [[subjectivity]]. . . . Because the “presence” of the act in the presentation of the form leads to the unraveling of the syntheses on which [[subjectivity]] is constructed. Its time, its [[space]], the materiality of the sensations that affect it are suspended. The “[[presence]]” is not itself sensed since it does not satisfy the conditions of place, of time and of [[sensorium]] which are those of subjective sensibility. ([[Lyotard]] 2009: 41)
	- This attending entails a kind of waiting for the unexpected, a training for what can’t be trained for.
	- What waits for the charge of [[timbre]] isn’t a sovereign and completed individual but a subject in the ongoing [[dynamic of]] [[individuation]] between the generic and the particular. The [[artistic gesture]] is possible because beings are open to [[affectation]], because they are passible.
	- To show this [[pragmatism]], he contrasts [[Lyotard]] and [[John Cage]]’s philosophy of music. While Cage wants to hear “sounds in themselves,” [[Lyotard]] wants “to delay the comprehension and exchange of unplanned singularities, to preserve the event’s precarious instantaneousness” (174). Cage, in other words, falls prey to the transcendence of sound and music and the possibility of its pure presentation and immediacy that could be subject to “total perceptual indifference” (177). It is for this reason that timbre suspends rather than obliterates [[the subject]].
	- [[Pierre Boulez]]’s method of musical production resonated much more with [[Lyotard]]’s thinking. He writes that Boulez takes the opposite approach from Cage: “We must over-articulate all the elements of musical language in order to extract from it its inaudible sound matter” ([[Lyotard]] 2009: 42). Although Boulez and Cage shared the same intention —    “to liberate this [sonorous] matter from its conven-tional formal envelope” —    Boulez rejected Cage’s [[spontaneity]] in favor of “[[sonorous paradoxes]]” (42).
		- The [[paradox]] is that [[the inaudible]] can come through only [[the audible]] [[the invisible]] through [[the visible]], the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/art]] through the [[artwork]]. [[artistic labor]] is the [[labor of]] making appear that which one can’t make appear.
	- If Virno generalizes art by moving from the p[[performance art]]st to the speaker, [[Lyotard]] does the same by moving from speaking to the sonorous gesture. [[Lyotard]]’s “Music, Mutic” is an [[appropriation]] of [[Pascal Quingard]]’s writings on language, an [[appropriation]] made possible because both language and music are matters of sonority.
	- yotard (1997) draws three lessons from Quingard, all of which center on the breath exhaled during speech.
	- As such, the mute breath still makes a sound, but an empty inarticulable sound. Further, the mute breath is the inaudible sound of dread and is “mutic, henceforth, inasmuch as it is not address and remains unaware of the other and the self” (225). The mute breath is a dreadful common shared by all beings, human and otherwise: “It inhabits their commerce but as a fraud. It disavows persons, pronouns and nouns, questions and answers, responsibilities. It prohibits us from ‘the belief in our originality’ ” (225).
	- The gesture of music —    and indeed of all art for [[Lyotard]] —    impossibly strives to make the mute breath audible
	- “Aesthetics,” he says, “is phobic, it arises from anesthesia, belonging to it, recovering from it. You sing for not hearing, you paint for not seeing, you dance for being paralyzed” (232). As mute breath enables the act of speech, it also accompanies the content as it is enun-ciated.
	- Aesthetic production and engagement entail a concerted and active effort of defec-tion from the individual form given by cap-ital and the state. Both are reversals of the processes of individuation, not as defiance against the individual in the name of the generic or common but as decompositions and suspensions that reveal and accentu-ate the individuation of the individual.
	- The individual can’t will desubjectification into being, which isn’t to say the individual can’t prepare for it.
	- the miracle. For Arendt, action is miraculous because it initiates an unanticipated and ineffable beginning in a way that can’t be forecasted. The miraculous character of exodus isn’t something totally enigmatic, however, because it occurs in the domain of the [[general intellect]].
	- The miracle of exodus, he says, is “awaited but unexpected . . . or the exhibition of a necessary incomplete-ness” (209).
	- [[timbre]], as artistic [[artistic gesture]]onic artwork, is miraculous in the same way: it can’t be predicted or willed by the co[[artist]], artist, or listener, and in sig-naling to the beyond of sound it enacts the unavoidable gap in being, the passageways between the individual and the [[general intellect]]; but those gathered around music never stop awaiting its arrival.
	- At this point, I’d like to offer one final formulation that brings Virno and [[Lyotard]] together on a project of exodus. It begins and ends with the child, a figure to which both philosophers want us to go.
	- If [[post-Fordism]] is the coincidence of the mode of production with the generic capacity for communication, then it makes sense to go to childhood, which Virno (2005b) defines as a period in which one learns language. He conceptualizes human development as “the progressive passage from the mute sensible life to articulate discourse” (11).
	- Through the acquisition of language, the child is separated from their surroundings through [[individuation]]; hence the significance of “I speak.” By learning language, we encounter the disjuncture between [[the world]] and ourselves because we discover that we can change the world and that the world can change us.
	- The linguistic faculty, the score of the [[general intellect]], and the individuated individual can never be exhausted by the speech act.
	- “Childhood,” he says, “lives on in the hypothetical language in which [[possibilities]] other than the present state of things come to s[[surface]] ([V[[surface]][Paolo Virno]])2005b: 12).
	- With the instability of [[post-Fordism]], its [[precarity]] and ever-changing contours, we are what the sociologists despair us as: “eternal students” (12). We’re always learning again and again, but within the contours of the capitalist state.[Virno]([[Paolo Virno]]), then, takes it one step further: we  are — or  we  should  become — “eternal children” (12). As chi[[the world]] become open to the world beyond its current configuration, and we’re capable of —    or more accurately, species bound —    to learn again and again, differently each time.
	- Childhood is also a state of openness and indeterminacy for [[Lyotard]]. In fact, the subject that awaits the timbre of music and the mute breath of speech is the infant.
	- The infant is age-less and appears within the human adult when the adult returns to the generic com-mon. Yet he also troubles Virno’s anthropo-centric take on the [[general intellect]], or his focus on living labor rather than all beings: “Affection is what animals do. . . . Ani-mality is pathic. To be affectable is to be passible” ([[Lyotard]] 1997: 227).
	- This opens the indeterminacy of the [[general intellect]] beyond what we know as the human, and it is why [[Lyotard]] links the inhuman with the infant. As such, the [[general intellect]] isn’t only “the faculty of language, the disposition to learn, memory, the capacity to abstract and relate, and the inclination towards self-reflexivity” (Virno 2007: 6); it’s also the potential to be affected, which is crucial to desubjectification.
	- We can see childhood as an aesthetic education in that the child accesses and performs the indeterminate score of the [[general intellect]] in a state of pure potential-ity. When the child mimics speech, repeats phrases, and so on, they articulate words without determined ends.
	- xodus is, then, a project of reclaiming childhood from cap-ital and the state. Under [[post-Fordism]], the formless child is inaugurated into the adult form of labor-power for capital and into the representable citizen for the state. It mobi-lizes the persistence of childhood to reform the adult again and again to correspond to transformations in the capitalist landscape and reconfigurations of the state.
	- Yet through its mobilization of childhood, [[post-Fordism]] ultimately reduces the child by making the child into a not-yet-adult. Exodus reclaims childhood for itself.
	- The generic potentiality of childhood is pro-tected by the soviets, which exist as spaces to maintain their fluid and dynamic state, as institutions that facilitate the existence of eternal children, indeterminate beings that are open to different human and inhuman individuations and disindividuations.
	- Exodus subverts the dominant [[ideology of individuality]] by posing childhood as a project that connects the individual back to the [[general intellect]] in its potentiality rather than its potential actualizations.
	- The absolute performative and the [[artistic gesture]] serve as potential lines of departure to [[exodus]], lines that necessarily begin in [[post-Fordism]] but need not end there, if we can defend the potentiality of the [[general intellect]] from [[capital]] and [[the State]].
	- [[Tony Smith]] ([[2013]]) shows that this is clear if we read Marx’s chapter on machinery from the first volume of Capital. There, we get a general account of how “technological changes will also be due to a creative interplay between scientific-technical labourers in the narrow sense and experienced workers with significant informal and tacit knowledge of the labour process” (249)
		- Smith shows that capital always depends on immeasurable “free gifts” from nature and society to argue against Virno’s claim that the labor theory of value is no longer operative. This is an important debate, but I think the real crux of the matter is that for Virno the embodiment of the [[general intellect]] in machinery is still important but less determinant than the enactment of the [[general intellect]] through the communication of laboring people. (And the extent to which the results of this communication relate to the need for technological advances is another matter altogether.)