- [[The Accurate Turn]] deals with the newer constructions of [[Accurate Humanism]] and [[Accurate Realism]] which simply synthesize new conceptual tools from the Humanities and Sciences to solve longstanding problems in each. Primarily this was achieved through a series of ontological and epistemological splitting and re-weaving, similar to the operation of a DNA strand:
	- **1. Ontological foundations:** A foundational concept of [[Accurate Humanism]] can be seen recently rephrased as [[Difference Without Separability]] by [[Denise Ferreira da Silva]], a contemporary indigenous philosopher who also was recently working with readings of quantum mechanics to support classical subjectivist positions defending indefinition and epistemological incapacity within the Humanities.
	- **1b. Ontological foundations:**  A resonating concept was recently phrased in [[Inferentialism]] stemming from a realist position which used the scientific proof that all components of the universe are comprised of quantum [[photons]] which are simply discrete measurements of differences in continuous, superpositional energy waves. From this position, a preliminary exploration of the impact on social subjectivity was sketched out in [[Superpositional Intersectionalism]], which was inspired from [[Black Quantum Futurism]]'s pioneering fusion of quantum mechanics and culture, heavily supported by Dr. [[Thomas Stanley]].  While in the 1970's, quantum mechanics was relegated to the realm of theory, today's functioning quantum computers and simulators have empirically proven the accuracy of the theory, and continue to produce breakthroughs in both old and new problems across fields.
	- **2a. Open Epistemologies from Accurate Humanism:** To preserve a subject's autonomy of thought, an important issue in philosophy and particularly necessary in post-colonial discourses, [[Denise Ferreira da Silva]] deployed the theoretical concept of [[dark matter]] to articulate the opacities of any given entity of the universe. Thinkers from various philosophical traditions, both modern and amodern, have articulated the autonomy of subjectivity in various ways, from Nietzsche, to Buddha, to Leibniz's monad, to Deleuze's immanence, Lacan's Real which is the foundational concept of Zizek's ideological analyses, Derrida's differend, so on and so forth.
	- **2a. Open Epistemologies from Accurate Realism:** From a realist position, [[dark matter]] is seen simply as an artifact of the inaccurate mathematical formulations of the cosmological constant and/or a Hamiltonian equation and dismissed. However, realists are not determinists and support the project of preserving the empowering autonomy of subjectivity; a simple fact of all quantum photons of the universe is that they undergo a process called [[Quantum Invagination]] at a minimum of 10^10 times per second. This means that any given subjective affect, concept or percept is absolutely a temporary choice which can be decided and undecided every .0000000001 seconds. Obviously, due to the coordination of chemical or informational signals within a particular body, the construction of affects, perception and concepts per body and circumstance may be either more or less likely to transform at this rate.
	- **3a. Social Contracts from Accurate Humanism**: a primary concern of the original 15th Century Humanism, which actually involved a planetary intellectual exchange across proto Indo-Europe, Africa-Asia and Asia-Amerindia, was the problem of how to articulate equitable social contracts. Currently, there are 2 primary conceptual tools to think through equity in modern society in colloquial terms: the concept of reciprocal exchange and the concept of individual freedom of choice. Exchange is seen to be equitable if it is reciprocal and each contract requires consensus between two individual entities. The most recent large-scale spectacle of an entity simply gaming these 2 fundamental moves was Donald Trump; his actions and statements simply produce logical short-circuits of how various populations in modern society distributed their affects, percepts or concepts amongst these 2 fundamental distinctions which form modern social contracts - hence also why it was such an ontological shock to most, although to others who's daily practice s play at the edge of law and norms, (such as criminals and artists) it was simply just obvious cultural gameplay and hacking.
	  
	  The various situations that these two fundamental 'moves' can be put into paradox, contradiction and generally entropic situations are detailed in various pop-folk cultural forms - usually in the form of cautionary tales. The most famous is the Canterbury Tales; probably the most recent is "Euphoria".  Much of 2010's-2020's speculative dystopian exercises were simply just thought experiments of social contracts preserving the fundamental moves but exploring the possibility of a trajectory of net fragility. There is now a large amount of these existing thought experiments; this is the driving impetus of "Cards Against Humanity", the most famous was Nick Land's writings, [[Cyclonopedia]], [[Dark Deleuze]], [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Individuals/Chongha Peter Lee]]'s Facebook output from 2015-2016, and more. An accurate view of this production can simply be seen as a simulation exercise, nothing more or less. Traditions in literature of simulated thought experiments, in both high and low forms, date back to the beginning of the proliferation of the print media - and prior.
	- **3b. Social Contracts from Accurate Realism**: Social contracts from Accurate Realism are premised first on a idealized model of the planet and the entities that can affect it. First, the probabilities of the planet are ordered in a 7-scaled understanding of the physical constraints of the planet and the rarity of the distribution of the literacy to manipulate at the highest scale- planetary-scale. This allows for a trans-temporal, trans-cultural and trans-species perspective of the planet which can produce an accurate evaluation of the probabilistic area of effect of an entity or organization of entities.
	- Second, the weighted distribution of current resources is pinned to the theoretical invention of capitalism, it's theoretical solution, and the illegal implementation of a variation of it as colonialism in the 15th century. It is of interesting coincidence that one of many Asia-Amerindian prophecies stated that when the 7th generation of the planetary population came into being from the time of their destruction - there would be a transformation. Hypothetically, all who are alive in 2022 fall into the 7th Generation. Also, it is not difficult for us to articulate various "waves" of colonialism connected back to this originating point of the 15th Century - the most recent being the 1980's Reagan and Thatcher policies.
	- Third, by actually analyzing points of optimal equity in the past, recent and far, achieved with much more sustainable tools paired with sustainable uses of newer tools - we can produce a portrait of possible optimal endpoints to shoot for and metrics to use. The MesoAmerican city of [[Teotihuacan]] in the 2nd Century, achieved a rating of 88% equality, 5 times higher than modern NYC, measurable by the Gini Coefficient, with a population density higher than modern London - without light speed planetary communications or a peer to peer smartphone mesh network. We can add the criteria of carbon neutrality, along with an intellectual production criteria and scope endpoints for physically-bounded regional systems.
	- Fourth, we can take an inventory of the current limits of the capacities of differing components of modern societies to understand what cannot be achieved by what. A simple point of dividing tasks would stem from the question - what should a human do, what should a machine do? In general, for complex functions which require high amounts of consistent and repetitive accuracy, machines are generally better. For complex analysis, synthesis, poetic and paradoxical invention - humans tend to be better.
	- Fifth - In the 21st Century, every contract should be built around negating as much failure and catastrophe first as possible and having as many automated evaluation, guidance and assistive measures as possible. The contract itself should be monitoring itself and auto-balancing as much as possible. Humans can only handle a limited cognitive load per second if they are dealing with abstract inferential systems that are not visible or tangible. Until a fully integrated viable bodily computing process is constructed, it's a quicker fix to simply produce self-aware contracts. It also may not be that far off for some.