- ---
- # 1. Introduction
- [[Undeading]] is a transformative process that arises as a response to the conditions of necropolitics and the production of bare life. This process is driven by a need to counteract the imbalanced cultural milieu that results from neoliberal cuts to educational and social infrastructure, as well as the concentration of wealth and power in the hands of a small number of corporations.
  
  [[Undeading]] involves a transformation of the existing social and cultural structures, including the proliferation of abject media culture and anti-intellectual and technophobic stances. This transformation is made possible by the super-empowerment of individuals and small groups outside of large hierarchies, which is a result of the proliferation of technological infrastructure necessary for large-scale technocratic control.
  
  These small groups have the potential to transform the techne of control into emancipatory organs, producing new forms of life that challenge the existing order and promote greater equality and social justice. These new forms of life can exceed the possibilities of prior forms, indicating a radical shift in the existing systems and ways of thinking.
  
  Overall, [[Undeading]] can be seen as a process of transformation that responds to the conditions of necropolitics and the need for greater equality and social justice. This process involves a transformation of the existing social and cultural structures and the super-empowerment of individuals and small groups, driven by a desire to create new possibilities and pathways for change and progress.
	- [[Undeading]], based on Selma Selman's concept of deading, a process of [[necropolitics]] is a procedure which has 3 conceptual dimensions:
		- 1. [[Undeading]] is a process which takes its ground in the process of [[deading]] as described by [[Selma Selman]]. [[deading]] is closely associated with the production of Agamben's concept of [[bare life]] , a reduction of humans into simply minimal biological persistence, in the discourse of [[necropolitics]] in the context of neoliberal cuts to educational and social infrastructure, in the greater discourse of [[biopolitics]].
		- 2. [[Undeading]] occurs in this imbalanced cultural milieu, where deterioriation of educational and social infrastructure proliferates abject media culture along with an increase in the use of reason for purposes of technocratic control. The end result is that the majority of modern populations adopt anti-intellectual and technophobic stances, attempting to fit into smaller and smaller constraints, while wealth and power is concentrated in the hands of 100 corporations causing 70% of the ecological damage to the planet, profiting from five centuries of illegal colonial war crimes.
		- 3. However, due to the proliferation of technological infrastructure necessary for large scale technocratic control, there is now a super-empowerment of individuals and small groups outside of large hierarchies possible which was not possible before. Small groups capable of transforming the techne of control into emancipatory organs can produce new forms of life which can exceed the possibilities of prior forms.
			- The transformation of net entropic system states into [[net negentropic]] system states. This is often marked by a [[bifurcation]] or a [[paradigm shift]] in a [[possibility space]].
- ---
- # 2. Application
	- In Selma Selman's works, undeading is a process of reversing the necropolitics of neoliberalism, applied to personal, social, economic and ecological systems. In one work, she transforms scrap metal into gold; in another work she transforms stigmatized labor into the most prestigious labor; in another, she transforms her own impoverishment and undereducation into polymath-grade invention and intellectualism.
		- Platina ([[Undeading]] of Natural Ecologies)
			- Geopolitics - Industrial capitalism has damaged the Earth massively.
			- People
				- Platinum is a multimedia work based on the fact that discarded scrap metal contains a value that society recognizes as exceptional - precious metals, especially platinum, located in car’s catalytic converters. In a multi-week performance, Selman’s team finds the wreckages of cars, prepares them for installation, and delivers them to the gallery. Together with them, the artist mechanically removes the converters and their contents in which dirt and platinum are mixed. In cooperation with a chemical engineer, a complex process of platinum extraction from this content is being carried out. In the end, Selman, in cooperation with a goldsmith, shapes the extracted platinum into a paradoxically doubly "precious" object - a platinum ax. The object is indeed precious for her because it is a tool that is the basis of the work and survival of her family, as well as her own work. But, finally, it is also precious in the way the average spectator sees it - a treasured object like a sculpture or jewelry - even when it is clear that its content is nothing but the presented car waste and the work invested to turn it into value.
			- AI
				- Selma Selman's project Platina, which involves transforming scrap metal into gold, can be read as an eco-social form of [[Undeading]]. This process involves taking something that is typically considered waste or discarded and transforming it into something of value and beauty. By doing so, Selman challenges the dominant capitalist ideology that assigns value to things based on their monetary worth and encourages a culture of waste and consumption.
				- Through this project, Selman also addresses the issue of environmental sustainability. The production of gold often involves harmful mining practice s that have devastating environmental impacts, including the destruction of ecosystems and pollution of water sources. By using scrap metal as her medium, Selman is able to reduce the demand for new mining and production of gold, thereby reducing the environmental impact of her work.
				- Furthermore, the transformation of scrap metal into gold can be read as an eco-social form of [[Undeading]] because it challenges the dominant cultural and economic systems that perpetuate inequality and oppression. The production of gold is often associated with the exploitation of workers and the perpetuation of global economic inequalities. By transforming scrap metal into gold, Selman subverts these systems of exploitation and creates a new possibility for economic and environmental sustainability.
				- Overall, Selma Selman's project Platina can be seen as a form of eco-social [[Undeading]] that challenges dominant cultural and economic systems and promotes greater equality and sustainability.
		- Portraits ([[Undeading]] of Society)
			- Necropolitics - neoliberal induced warfare, cutting of budgets and services. Leaving many as bare life.
			- Selma Selman raises her voice up, screams, shatters, dismantles, counter-extracts. She also labours with her family members, writes autofictions, traces the histories of women in her family.
			- For her, as a young strong Roma woman who grew up in Bosnia, it is not about the limits of the physical body or endurance but it is about how various narratives of self can be instrumentalized to break up the dysfunctional cultural and political paradigms of her world, that is what society wants to make of her. Her position on the (constructed) artistic subject from minority groups is a parody of identity politics, its prescriptions and categorisations with a strong sense of humor. Therefore, her
			- works not only criticise culture as a machine of perception and relation but also understand her vis-a-vis vulnerability as a new form of power.
			- Selman grew up with her mother constantly warning “Don’t be like me”, as a young bride from Pristina and mother of five children. Her contribution to 4th Autostrada Biennale involves a large portrait of 4 women from her family painted on the Mercedes hood -which becomes one of the signatures of her practice . The portraits are from a family photo taken during the first large-scale wedding in her home city after the war. Selman notes how many of Roma community functions ceased because of the war and the consequent economic collapse. The portraits commemorate and celebrate what allowed these women to survive such intense conditions. In the wedding city of Prizren, this particular piece weaves different parts of her artistic efforts together in tracing and rewriting her family history through women’s perspective, freeing the Roma identity from its own self perceptions imposed by the Western civilisation and shifting the canons of portrait representation.
			- AI
				- Selma Selman's painting of a wedding with 4 women from her family following a war can be read as an act of [[Undeading]] in several ways. Firstly, the painting is a transformation of the existing social and cultural structures that emerged from the war and its aftermath. The war had brought about significant destruction and destabilization, leading to the loss of lives, displacement of people, and the breakdown of social and economic systems. By painting a portrait of her family members on the hood of a car, Selman creates a new cultural form that commemorates and celebrates the resilience and survival of her family and community.
				- Secondly, the act of painting the portrait of her family members can be seen as an act of super-empowerment of individuals outside of large hierarchies. Selman's painting challenges the dominant narratives of the war and its aftermath, which often perpetuate negative stereotypes and stigmatization of the Roma community. By taking control of the representation of her family and community, Selman transforms the techne of control into an emancipatory organ, producing new forms of life that challenge the existing order and promote greater equality and social justice.
				- Finally, Selman's painting of her family members can be read as a form of [[Undeading]] in the sense that it exceeds the possibilities of prior forms. The painting disrupts the dominant canons of portrait representation, which often prioritize the representation of the wealthy and powerful. By choosing to paint her family members on the hood of a car, Selman reclaims and transforms a symbol of Western consumer culture into a signifier of resilience and survival. In doing so, Selman creates a new possibility and pathway for change and progress, challenging the existing order and opening up new ways of understanding the world.
		- Motherboards ([[Undeading]] of Intellectualism)
			- Biopolitics of the 1980's created specialization and technocracy, reduced imagination and synthesis.
			- “Until We Are More Than Gold '' is a 3 part installation, performance and film. This continuation of the works and research was built over the last decade. The phrase “Until We Are More Than Gold” refers to the current debilitated state of the post-war Bosnian economy through which I came of age as a Roma woman - and also Thomas More’s writing in “Utopia” hypothesizing that a rational society would value human life and the use value of materials over gold. How can a human body deconstruct and resist materiality over the value of living?
			- During the post-war economic crises of Bosnia-Herzegovina, my family began the practice  of searching for and recycling metal waste. Currently, their everyday survival is dependent on this exact same labor, where metal is sold into recycling centers.  This practice  of disassembling and recycling scrap metal is central to my series of performance artworks, which are executed in collaboration with my family members Hajrula Selman, Muhamed Selman and Meho Huskic. As with many of my works, the performance considers what values and relations society attributes to people, labor, relations and material objects.