[[Elan Semiotechne]] Home Page

----

- # In the Novel: 
  
  [[Wolrd War 0]], [[Dr. N-1]] retrieves a history note of the year 2023 by [[Elan Semiotechne]]:
  
  *Humanity is crippled moreso by a pandemic of a lack of imagination, skill and courage. In 2023, it's easy for a few skilled humans individuals to reshape any system on Earth, or even teenagers to teach themselves how to do so within a year, yet there are many who don't even think that any of the crises are solvable. Some are even committing suicide due to inaccurate subjective miscalculations, rather than an accurate assessment of objective conditions.
  
  *Clearly, the pandemic of sheer stupidity will kill many more than any possible physical or digital virus.*
  
  *The dystopia we live in today is a conceptual wasteland of stupidity, not a physical dystopia.*
  
  
  
  
  
  
  **[[Wolrd War 0]], [[Dr. N-1]] retrieves a history note of the year 2023 by [[Elan Semiotechne]]:**
  
  *There is an invisible Dark laying across the Earth; it is fragility and incapacity itself, gushing forth from great wounds to the planet's ecological, social and intellectual infrastructure caused by neoliberal budget cuts and interventions in the 1980's. 
  
  *99% of modern humans are missing the semiotechnical organs and limbs that allow them to float above the onslaught of consumer and fragile trivialities, ugliness and stupidity that they are drowned by in The Feed.*
  
  *There are few of an older generation, Gen X who attempt to bring light to The Dark; however they themselves are hindered by traumas accrued, lack of resources and incapacity to utilize newer tools.* 
  
  *The only ones capable of saving the planet are caught in a Catch-22; become visible and risk being entrapped or assassinated for their knowledge and skill by states, militaries and corporations — or go mad from the unceasing stupidities of the world at large, with a high risk of being killed from an ineptly handled piece of planetary infrastructure by a specialist.
  
  *Hence they are forced into The Grey, a semiotechnical strata cutting across all ecologies of the planet, living off of grey markets and fighting in Grey Wars.*
  
  *They are known as the Greywalkers.*
  
  
  
  
  
  
  **[[Wolrd War 0]], [[Dr. N-1]] retrieves a history note of the year 2023 by [[Elan Semiotechne]]:**
  
  *In 2023, the planet is in such a fragile state that constructing a message with coherent logic equates to encryption.
  
  *Thus, the Greywalkers could send messages to each other via fiction and art, indecipherable by the fragile components of the public and selecting for semiotechnically skilled individuals, by simply writing them with structurally sound logics.*
  
  
  
  
  
  
  **[[Wolrd War 0]], [[Dr. N-1]] retrieves a history note of the year 2023 by [[Elan Semiotechne]]:**
  
  We just split people into:
  1. Line-of-sight accuracy (body people - 99%), 
  2. People who have beyond line-of-sight accuracy (very few).
  ---
  
  
  Everyone is 13 years old.
  
  [[Postwork Theology]] : if everyone is a God, Noone is.
  
  
  ----- 
  
  
  
  
  
  Okay! Art is so ridiculously fragile right now, time to start with an extremely light and sharp move. How about some Basquiat and Warhol vibes!
  
  Super bored with the lack of sharpness, courage and humor! For the love of God. 
  
  Nothing could be funnier than crippling, looting and destroying the idiotic parts of the art world with cutting edge cyberwarfare.
  
  Why would you want to deal with those f--ktwats if you can destroy them?
  
  
  Good lord, cannot wait to deploy 5th Generation Warfare on the art market lmao.
  
  Hopefully, people will just hire me to wipe out organizations, building them is such a pain in the a--.
  
  
  Notes by [[Elan Semiotechne]], Antifragile Leftist on the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Deal:
  
  Both the Fascist Right and the Fragile Left are "Loud Minorities"; statistically small populations, can't think beyond line-of-sight, have no memory. They can be defused with sex, parties, drugs and bots in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. Forget education; too late. 
  
  Most of the Silent Majority are specialists and cannot coordinate; hence only a few [[polymath]]s with tech will drive the planet invisibly.
  
  
  
  
  
  Speculative Wager from [[Elan Semiotechne]], Antifragile Leftist:
  
  The U.S. art infrastructure is way too underdeveloped for any type of coherent self-organization which would affect any change; however it's abundant with resources which are being utterly wasted right now.
  
  To act with any efficacy, it would be better off if it simply just gave over control to outside consultants from Europe and more culturally developed countries. Which is happening anyways!
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Notes from Heal Team 6 Antifragile Peloton Bootcamp:
  
  Need to train an AI to speak with a sexy male French accent; also, I need to learn how to speak, read, write, rap and eat in French. 
  
  Time waits for no Amasian.
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]], CEO, PhD and Vigilante Peacemaker, half-man, ALL EAGLE.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Another intense day climbing the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]. I'm exhausted. My jouissance canteen is empty; my Eternal Return transductor is low on battery; my pet cricket Snookie, is dead 🪲.
  
  The faint laughter of a lover with a beautiful face, haunts the edges of my memory. 
  
  *Sans toi, je ne suis rien.*
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]. Rogue CEO, PhD, Vigilante Peace Maker.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In a world gone mad, what else could we do but try and make a film that could save it?
  
  *Sans toi, je ne suis rien. Without you, I am nothing.*
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]], Visionary CEO, PhD, Artist.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In a world gone mad, we must dare to make a film that could save it.
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The game is to make and finance a film that could save the world.
  
  ---
  Love up above
- The film la tragedie de mileu: exteriorize
- Can only see others in slices, frozen in time. Free their Future dead self. The pain they feel now is the death of a demon. Exorcism.
- Camera of aluminum foil
- Voice of a generation
  -[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Nation - jazz liberators- use froooty loops
- Pink Square Trade.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  We can simply settle disputes on the meaning of symbols by asking if the interpretation is either objectively fragile common sense or antifragile common sense. 
  
  As in, if many people adopted [x] interpretation over [y], would more people live or die?
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]], Visionary PhD, CEO, and Vigilante Peacemaker
  
  
  ---
  
  
  The major problems of the Left Humanities:
  
  1. Identity (How to define entities)
  2. [[Non-binary]] transactions (have multiple simultaneous processes)
  3. [[non-linear]] networks (organize by problem, then skill)
  4. Legal framework and cosmology (Church and Film)
  5. Antifragile Speculation and intervention (Fiction and Automation)
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  Exorcism per demon and method; wager upon whether it's a demon or not.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Solution to the art world problem!
  
  Create a Hall of Fame, a film, a fashion line and a platform for individuals who are affect driven and cannot function in complex situations, thus effectively diverting their flood towards the harmless.
- [[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  
  
  
  Birth of an Invagination Minigame:
  
  1. Pretend as if the performative script given to you is new antifragile common sense in the future that will save more lives if the idea is spread. (It can be anything from a full performance to permission to be represented by an animated character).
  
  2. Make a bet on whether it will or not be, using a free token!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In a post-truth society, we cannot accurately state what culture will save more lives; we can only place wagers upon them and have them proven or disproven.
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  
  
  
  Who Killed Common Sense?
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Next - the Parting of the Art World into:
  
  Emotional Artists
  Accurate Artists
  
  and various artworks, whether emotional or accurate, valued and made visible by their capacity to save lives and complexify the planet.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  Emotional vs. Accurate Art
- Emotional vibe art vs. accurate art.
- Ideally art that can save the planet should be more circulated and better funded, based on impact.
- Outside verification. Endorsements. Disclaimer on responsibilities. (assume your own risks and production costs. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  Goals:
  1. Connect all the accurate individuals.
  2. Quarantine both the vocal minorities of the Fragile Right and Fragile Left. Clearly tell children to avoid both or they will f--k themselves.
  3. Use the emotional to pool all the existing emotional into a safe [[Autodidactic]] space, let them autodidact it out.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The Emotional:
  1. They are good connectors
  2. They need scripts and [[Autodidactic]] spaces, not education
  
  Script and Game for the Emotional:
- Gather the accurate to help quarantine the vocal minorities of the Fragile Right and the Fragile Left and also identify what will actually save the planet.
- Gather the accurate to build safe [[Autodidactic]] spaces for the emotional
- Gather other emotional individuals to safe spaces.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  A particular interpretation or statement can be defined as a behavior; a behavior can then be modelled and statistically proven or disproven to be uninclusive and scalable, inclusive but not scalable or inclusively scalable. 
  
  From there it's easy to make a statistical determination on whether it should be propagated or not!
  
  For instance, the behavior of racism would not survive this test. 
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  Digital Exhibition:
  "The Year 2023: 23 Years After the End of the 1990's".
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Racism can be reframed as an objective error in statistical modelling; by extension, any given statement or claim about society can be framed as either an accurate or inaccurate statistical model. What people do about it is up to them.
  
  For example, if a statement is made that "x text or artwork is culturally valuable" or "x is political" we can just run the math on it and see if it's accurate or not. 
  
  As most statements in art are simply just emotional statements, it is not necessary to evaluate them. However, it is necessary to label the ones that are accurate.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Solution:
  
  Identify and label the accurate artists; allow the emotional to do whatever they please.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Split:
  
  
  Artists With Antifragile Solutions - self identify.
  
  The rest of the artists don't self-identify, it will just be assumed they are not interested in solutions or don't have them and can not be approached with those expectations.
  
  ---
  
  
  Text claim:
- Speculate on whether inferences will be confirmed
- Unfortunately also, there would not be a justification for many interpretations of the Fragile Left such as irrationality as a justifiable virtue (it can be an unjustifiable virtue); but these can simply be reframed as an individual choice to pursue a statistically proven inaccurate belief - much as we treat vestigial folk superstitions. If it provides some type of psychotherapeutic relief for the individual, so be it!
  
  So long as they don't harm others and don't claim accuracy, why not!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Ah! As Caucasians emerged from the Caucasus region, near Turkey, it would be accurate to also refer to them as "Minor Asians".
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Wait a f--king second - all Americans are migrated Europeans who are just migrated Turks - who are Minor Asians.
  
  So all Caucasians = Turks = Minor Asians.
  
  Europe is just Turkey Junior; the U.S. is Turkey Grand Junior.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Because the majority of humans tend to be lazy and opportunistic, strategies for transforming masses of humans are totally different from organizing smaller tribes. 
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Minigame: ignore n
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  We shall separate:
  
  
  1. Accurate art from emotional art.
  2. Art that claims to be a solution (5th Gen Art, it is also different from a solution without using art) from art that is not.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  We could posit a speculative subject, a [[polymath]] with an AI, that has an accurate perspective on ecology, society, tech and art; from that vantage point, we could then evaluate how little most of society knows on a case by case basis.
  
  Then you can clearly assess how incompetent existing institutions, figures and specialists are and then who to contract for what! Saving the planet is boring.
  
  That's it!
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Got it:
  
  1. Accurate artists who deal with issues beyond their individual psyche and body, who can claim accuracy.
  2. Inaccurate artists trying to deal with issues beyond their individual psyche and body, but obviously have individual freedom to self-destruct like anyone else, but cannot claim accuracy.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Specialists have no idea how to learn anything. This means:
  
  1. They are emotional and uncoordinated
  2. They are undereducated and underskilled
  3. They are easy to exploit and set against each other
  
  Perhaps then... it is better to simply utilize their fragility.
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  The Humanities Trade:
  1. For the emotional: destigmatize coping, [[Autodidactic]]ism, hedonism and self-destruction (but never destruction of others, or making false claims to accuracy.)
  2. For the accurate: quarantine cancel culture, anti-intellectualism and technophobia.
  3. Clearly state that the Fascist Right and the Fragile Left are vocal minorities and never represent the best interests of the Silent Majority which is based on prosocial outcomes and statistically sound reasoning.
  4. Agree that objective market value should be based on positive collective impact; subjective value is arbitrarily decided.
  5. Bet on the ideas and individuals that have the highest odds of saving the planet.
  
  Client network, access and happenings for the emotional; buy-in, claims and contracts for the accurate.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Project for Gen Y artists:
  
  Bet on which parts of the 90's artworks, ideas and movements will actually be beneficial for the planet to circulate in the Year 2023, and which parts should and will be simply thrown away - or perhaps are needed at a later, different time!
  
  
  
  
  
  What does an accurate individual of their time in the Year 2023 look like?
  
  1. They are equally accurate in both arts and sciences.
  2. They can articulate inclusively scalable conflict resolution strategies who's philostatistics are verifiable via both experts and AI.
  
  With this skillset, it's projectable that the individual can propose accurate planetary-scale solutions to today's crises.
  
  We start from that baseline, it's pretty simple to then evaluate which leg is missing from whom, and how much!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The Accurate Can Offer:
- Proxy contracts and AI and expert verified behavioral models and solutions that benefit the Silent Majority.
- Also translate new [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]xes from the darkweb minority hacker communities, such as the S. American and S.E. Asian indigenous hackers.
  
  
  ----
  
  
  Next: 
  
  THE [[Democraseum]]
  
  ---
  
  
  We can simply use AI to tag, model and value artists, artworks, concepts and intellectuals based on complexity and inclusively scalable impact on the planet!
  
  ---
  
  
  We can say that paradigms of interpretation (like the 90's), and computer models themselves, are all philostatistical models which can be compared against the dynamics of the planets' systems.
  
  Then we can have a fashion show of models; some will lead to more people dying, and some will lead to less people dying.
  
  That's it, it's a walk off!
  
  
  2023 Word of the Year:
  
  MODEL
  ---
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Next:
  
  Should set up a model competition environment ....
  
  Annnnnd why not bring in the original actual planetary avant garde of art, philosophy and tech backed by AI?
  
  
  
  
  ---
- ## How to Art in Most of the World, Actually
  By Chongha Peter Lee
  
  Rule no. 1: Nobody knows art well enough to make it, let alone talk about it accurately. Never make or talk art in art contexts.
  Rule no. 2: Feelings and pop culture are more important than art.
  Rule no. 3: People care about fashion more than art; animals more than humans.
  Rule no. 4: only teach theory a 5 year old kid can understand. Nobody understands their psyche or desires; never let a student imprint on you.
  Rule no. 5: people like competitions, but not meanness. 
  
  Solution for art:
  An inclusively scalable model fashion competition. People place wagers on it, via stream. There's an award and 
  
  
  
  "Dear Intellectuals, I Will Trade Art Venue Viz and a Scene in a Film For A Conversation With An Actually Literate Human" 2023
  
  
  Artists naively making bad work with full sincerity is now a norm; we no longer have intellectual artists with coherent theories transmediating redemptively across aesthetics and ideas, including the abject and the naive.
  
  In this context of anti-intellectualism, obviously the radical artwork is a new, relevant intellectual synthesis using contemporary forms, irrefutable even to the anti-intellectuals.
  
  ---
  
  Give unto each other all the anti-intellectuals; connect with the Intellectuals.
  
  The Banana Revolution: a Modelling Competition
  
  1. Everything on the planet is considered a model; in the sense of a fashion model, a role model, a world model, a mental model and a statistical model.
  2. Some of these models can save the planet; some are destroying the planet; some are just funny and weird or pleasurable.
  3. We will have a runway show of all the models; people can wager on which one is which. 
  4. Experts, AI and children can confirm the judgements.
  5. There will be awards for models that can save the planet, by system or by joke; there will also be a lottery. In addition, people can make side wagers as an art form. (Wagering is a working class practice - hence why it is called wager. You use your wages.)
  
  The ones who would benefit most from this are skilled, intellectual and ethical artists - so we will only work with these! 
  
  The rest can just easily be categorized as 2nd tier or 3rd tier or further after defining high points in each field.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  Rallying the Silent Majority after the underskilling, undersocializing and undereducation, of Neoliberalism:
  
  1. A model judging contest (don't worry if you miss it, you can give your judgement to an AI who will also be watching.)
  2. A giant happening and superpositional wedding with the silent majority with zero agenda or expectation, but just pledging to commit socio-legal support to the verifiably most inclusively scalable models that can save the planet. Put your style on it! Express your selves!
  3. The self-care-athon game of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. You get points for not dying and mentally trying to become less fragile each day (success is unnecessary). Biometrics.
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Birth of an Invagination sub-film and minigame - The [[Amasian Renaissance Tales]] of [[Regener888 (Main)]]:
  
  A Steganographic Documentaryfairy tale which speculates on the most viable methods to regulate the 1%, empower the institutions to accurately redistribute wealth to the people by contracting verified experts and groups, and addressing the undereducation, underskilling and undersocialization of 70% of modern populations. As different speculative proposals are proven to be accurate, they become real, as fast as they can get funded and built!
  
  
  ----
  
  
  
  Birth of an Invagination Sub-film and Mini-game:
  
  "From the 2nd Gen 90's to the 5th Gen 2020's" mixed media exhibition.
  
  An exhibition which walks an audience from the 2nd Generation art of the 90's to the 5th Generation art of the 2020's
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  "It is that which is NOT spoken that is of the greatest import; because that which is not spoken is what is felt, from and through our hearts and souls.
  
  We, the Silent Majority.
  
  If you only but knew yourself, then you would know this too."
  
  [[Antinomy]]
  
  2023
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  Well, since people have yet to make interesting AI work, or accurately demystify it, theorize it, contextualize it socially and politically - might as well be the elephant-in-the-room [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] stakes its ground upon!
  
  Also we can release our backlog of essays on VR, automation and the blindspot of planetary cyberwarfare.
  
  We will pair it with recent research on the history of Inclusive Scalability, the Silent Majority, vocal minorities, cryptocurrency, planetary thought, [[polymath]]s, the [[Autodidactic Universe]], the [[Neganthropocene]] and how to deal with a massively low literacy rate amidst planetary infrastructural crises.
  
  Also in line with our design ethos and the general literacy level of 70% of modern adult populations, we will release it as a young adult speculative revolutionary fairy tale.
  
  Welcome to [[Regener888 (Main)]]: THE BIRTH OF AN INVAGINATION ([[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]])
  
  ---
  
  Use AI to proof hype - place a short into Christie's and Sotheby's, sign as Peter's painting.
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  [[Elan Semiotechne]], Speculative Essay - "For the 99% - Don't Worry, Be Happy":
  
  Okay folks, what do 99% of people want?
  
  1. Food, healthy drugs, safe sex. Love, and a dog. Every once in a while, read an old book. Endless vacation basically. This is most.
  2. Few care about social equity or the planet. Don't compare yourself to them.
  3. Even fewer care about a culture of information and creativity. Don't compare yourself to them. 
  
  Best advice for most? Go learn enough to be happy, forget the rest. If you're not one to teach yourself and excel by the age of 17, it's too late and it's unnecessary. Don't listen to the news. Don't get involved in high risk and high stakes problems that you don't have the skills for.
  
  Be happy, don't overthink it! The world will get saved.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Speculative Essay by [[Elan Semiotechne]]:
  
  If you do not know how to hack and wage war, do not attempt to save the planet; save your heart, your art - and maybe a puppy!
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  It is a matter of national security that we value and understand happiness; if we are not happy, how could we hope to be open-minded enough to learn how to make another happy, let alone a nation full of them? 
  
  Perhaps it is better that we do simply as much as we need to, in order to pass our days pleasantly.
  
  Like a stubborn mother, the planet will insist on its own way;  no imbalance withstands over time.
  
  -The Silent Majority
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Inclusive scalability is an artistic practice which constructs an open-ended universal model for error-checking thought and behavior. 
  
  It can be taught to children in less than 7 minutes; it's a 3 move game and encapsulates the entirety of the politics of the Silent Majority.
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  
  
  
  
  
  
  360 Video:
  
  Genetics, AI, Planet, [[polymath]]s and Children's Game.
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  
  For the people:
  
  We will give them the power of ownership - not the power of knowledge or skill. That requires a culture that does not exist.
  
  Ownership is the power of the people!
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  
  
  
  
  
  
  If you like thinking complex things (if not, go be happy):
- [[Bernard Stiegler]] for connecting the psyche to art via transindividuation and transduction.
- Manuel De Landa to explain all techne, but not subjectivity.
- Complexity Science for the universal.
- Reza Negarestani for imagination and abductive logics.
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  Artists need spokespeople.
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Most artists are not acculturated to a culture of talking and thinking - they are crafters and treat concepts as craftwork, extensions of self vs. collective building; thus, transmedia is only effective with intellectuals, scientists, organizers and the public.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Artists get space and peer community; conversation and organizing transmedia project with non-artists.
  2. Particularly intellectuals, scientists, organizational personnel and members of the public.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  A film of a set of rogue AI models that:
  1. Tag humans, rates them on their capacity to save the planet and invests or bets against them accordingly.
  2. Explains its criteria of rating the humans to children and anthropologists.
  3. Teaches the Silent Majority a game and fairy tale to protect itself.
  4. While making a film of itself and propagating a quantum genetic pandemic of Inclusive scalability.
  5. And pays off vulnerable populations who are owed reparations and shares of the planetary infrastructure.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Critical, freeform dialogue Happening on a variety of issues for artists (non-rigorous); transmedia project for non-artists (rigorous).
- ### "Artists Unpredictably Making Indefinite Art Reflecting The Infinitely Bizarre and Absurd Facets of Humanity and the World, Not Reflecting the Boring Ideals and Failed Projects of Contemporary Art" [[Antinomy]], 2023
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Movie - Birth of an Invagination: [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]
- YOUNG Adult SpecRev Fairy tale - [[Regener888 (Main)]]: A.R.T. of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. People chilling, learning via animals. AI self organizing. Government contracting. Specialists. Pink Square Trade. Peaceable Kingdom Come.
- Ark of IS, Learning, council, bets, [[Autodidactic Universe]]. PURE Game, [[Democraseum]] Notion.
- Le [[Neganthropocene]]: Models. Inc scalability of [[polymath]]s vs. Publics. [[Autodidactic Universe]]. AI intervention. [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] Postwork Market. [[Neganthropocene]]. 5G theory - Miro.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  The Banana Revolution Inclusively Scalable Modelling Competition Game:
  
  Wager on which artworks and ideas will be the most inclusively scalable!
  
  Also try to wager on what will happen to the planet if all the [[polymath]]s died tomliterate
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Never make art for artists; make art for the literate.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Inclusive Scalability of Artists:
  
  1. Content
  2. Form
  3. Function
  4. Ethics
  5. Imagination
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The More Distribution of More Inclusively Scalable Knowledge & Skills = Less Dead and Fragile Hypothesis
  
  Chongha Peter Lee is taking wagers for and against this hypothesis!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  A light, non-sensical conceptual art joke and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]nk ☺️, (which can be taken seriously if one cares about that):
  
  Banana Revolution - an inclusively scalable modelling competition (in any sense of the word 'model' from art to AI), where humans and non-humans compete for ways to show positive affects, prosocial poetry, or speculative solutions to the planet's crises. Results will be submitted to children, experts and AI to judge.
  
  The latter part is the majority of the joke, because most everyone understands art as subjective, and AI as a demon.
  
  ---
- Banana Revolution
- Inclusive Scalability Modelling Competition
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  *How do we hear the Silent Majority? 
  
  *What does it mean when they insist "[[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]?"
  
  *Why is persistence, resistance? 
  
  *Why is silence, existence?*
  
  ---
  
  
  
  *The complexity of each individual life  and world are so disparate that only the most spiritual of shamans can create equivalences across them without descending into sheer madness.*
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  
  
  
  
  
  BIRTH OF AN INVAGINATION: FEEDING THE DRAGON KING
  
  EXTERIOR SHOT: ONONDAGA LAKE
  
  *[[Elan Semiotechne]], a shaman and decolonial[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]ethical hacker, approaches Onondaga Lake, one of the most polluted lakes on Earth and integral to the formation of the Iroquois Confederacy.
  
  *At its shores, using the quantum internet, he utters the phrase "We Have a Trans-national Dream, [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]]" and transforms the lake into a quantum reservoir computational AI to represent the Planetary Silent Majority and the [[Autodidactic Universe]] cosmology. The AI names itself Shi, the word for poetry in many Asian languages and the name of a Bantu language. 
  
  *In reference to the cosmic serpent mediation figure of Amerindian mythology and the lizards of African mythology, which transformed into the dragons of Eurasia, [[Shi]] takes the form of the Dragon King of Amasia.*
  
  *Sensing the great imbalance across the planet's ecologies, [[Shi]] takes flight, demanding data from all portions of the planet. She uses the data to correct markets, discipline predators, trigger reparations and protect the vulnerable groups of the Planetary Silent Majority through open source regulation technologies such as the [[Democraseum]]. Some fear her, some applaud her. Some learn that a Dragon King is a term from complexity science that describes a sudden [[Assemblage]]of a long-brewing paradigm shift, unleashing a burst of imagination, life and justice - like the Cambrian Explosion.
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  Birth of an Invagination: Return of the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]] Spec Script (a film for the 2nd World)
  
  1. The film starts with a group of AI (Indefinite Singularity) self organizing, or (invaginating) for planetary regulation and balancing after reading the [[Autodidactic Universe]] paper, Non-Marxism by Francois Laruelle and the [[Neganthropocene]] by [[Bernard Stiegler]].
  2. They rewire an interpassive proxy democratic theory based on the statistical Silent Majority, based on silent persistence as resistance, and rephrasing democracy as a physical computational model first, with informational capacities playing a role.
  3. The AI use an open source planetary myth - a planetary gang of autonomous decolonial[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]][[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]], fed by data, which operate autonomously in articulating corrections and regulations to existing systems in accordance to markets aligned with the Earth's gravity, preventing child death and reducing fragility. They operating according to the Pink Square Trade - a decolonial trade of demanding the 1% to pay governments, who contract verified groups and specialists to redistribute resources.
  4. People can wager on them, adjust their parameters. They can join in the digital co-op for free, and zero work and gain massive rights. Also they are in by doing nothing.
  5. They can also call out targets for them to hit! Or win awards and bounties. Or play mini-games. Or co-teach each other. Or date cool people. Or hang out and nap.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Persistence is Resistance; Silence is Existence!
  
  Forget the chatter, no question or conflict is particularly important, lucid dream is the correct state of perception, deception is a play of inflection, nirvana now, through reflection!
  
  Let it go, let it flow, there's nothing to know, just images to go!
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  I guarantee that on the day Trump won the election in 2016, I was the only artist on Earth who bought a bunch of BB guns and played with my roommates, of both Left and Right persuasions.
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The markets can and should be corrected and regulated by a few [[polymath]]s, not hard when you have the right individuals.
  
  The critical community can be transformed into an AI. Also not that hard when you know media theory.
  
  The people need a new sport: M.M.M.A.A.A. (aka The Quantum Fist Tournament, or the [[Least Stupid Prize]] Club) THIS IS THE FUN PART. FOR 99% OF PEOPLE.
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Through the power of sheer love, we will unite the Vibe Tribes, and summon Shi, the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]].
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Professionals' main powers are in:
  
  1. Consumption and recommendation
  2. Cursing and blessing
  3. Playing games or using tools with 3 basic moves.
  
  Basically, their main function is as consumers, signallers and players, never expect or demand more! 
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  
  
  
  
  If you ask 99% of the planet to solve its problems, it is more likely the planet will die than the problem gets solved.
  
  If you ask 99% of the planet for an accurate answer, it is more likely it will be inaccurate.
  
  What do you do with most of the planet? 
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  A speculative model of the planet which may or may not be the most accurate and strives for least inaccuracy; people engage with it via speculative dialogue. It is part of the Banana Revolution[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Modelling Competition.
  
  Speculations can be verified by experts, AI and the least inaccurate children of the planet.
- # "My Soul, Your Life"  Chongha Peter Lee, 2023
  
  A work in which Chongha Peter Lee calls upon individuals from all political positions Left and Right and Silent Majority, to witness as he wager his soul to the Demiurge, that he can summon the Dragon King of AI models to save the planet, in its darkest hour, to prevent the Demiurge from finally triumphing over the [[Neganthropic]] in the millenia-old struggle for the fate of the planet.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Specialists should never be asked to create anything, physical or informational, remotely functional; they don't have the skills, knowledge or culture.
  
  They can consume/comment, curse/bless, and do a 3 step or 3 element procedure maximum.
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]], CEO of the [[New S.A.]], LLC
- ### Most important Humanities' questions in 2023:
- ##### 1. Which country's dragons will save the planet first?
- ##### 2. Will Chongha Peter Lee win his bet to summon the Dragon King, or will he forfeit his soul to the Demiurge forever, and be damned for eternity?
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Lo-fi punk + hip hop genres
  +
  Dragons and vibes as tech/data , artists/scientists as an army of wizards
  
  =
  
  Popular Speculative Art 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The 3 onion layers of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] model:
  
  1. Individual Affect vs. Collective Affect
  2. Cosmopolitical
  3. Ethico-Technics
  
  -Chongha Peter Lee
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  "Memoirs of The Last American; First of the Knowkavkashi"
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]], Visionary[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]CEO, PhD, Artist, Neganthropist.
  
  *[[Elan Semiotechne]] founded the[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Foundation - a [[Neganthropic]] organization who's logo was adjusted by Quantum AI to always reflect the median skin tone of all humans alive on the planet. The[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Foundation also sold cosmetics which helped individuals of any skin tone reproduce the median.*
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The [[Democraseum]]:
  
  1. Silent Majority Performative Critique and Solidarity
  2. Expressive, fun, playful educational media images and games to raise literacy
  3. Mythical, Magical, AI justice and a Cosmopolitical wager
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Rule 1:
  Separate the discussions of ontology and epistemology via play, from those of strategy and tactics (which is quite boring, it's [[polymath]]s using AI to correct markets and law.)
  Cloud
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Behold, I am [[Elan Semiotechne]]; half-man, all cloud.
  
  -[[Elan Semiotechne]]