- Speed interpretation of philostatistics.
- Ultra high goal.
- Produce hits, play with AI.
- [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], DERPA, [[Regener888 (Main)]], ICP.
# Vow 9: The Fragility Market
- Most Artists and language based professionals are reductionists; sciences and engineering are constructionists.
- Without a mixture of philostatistical literacy and a wide range of ethical technical imagination, any endeavor has an 80% chance of introducing more risk and entropy into a system.
- Hence the only market that makes sense is a market of fragility, in which individuals are aid for actively decreasing the risks of fragility and entropy - or for simply not emitting extra fragility.
# Vow 10: F--k Heaven, Stay the Hell Out of Hell
- The public can't do anything, accuracy is an alien language to most, only a few can build Web 4 Postwork systems.
- The public can watch and listen, buy and share; not organize. And eat shrooms.
- Cultural and knowledge producers can deconstruct; not synthesize accurately. And eat shrooms.
- Answer: Automate the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], sell shrooms, pass on some new negation for culture and knowledge, f--k heaven, stay the Hell out of Hell.
  ---
  Chat GPT - ecology of institutions.
  
  Fictional perspectives / pretend
  tik tok /
- Blackjack
- Folk probability
- Philostatistics
- Complex Time = Khairos
- Bounded Rationality and Adjacent Possible Qualitative Assemblages.
- Choose your own Significance
- Attractor as a structure of mediations.
  
  Not ego death; ergodeath.
  
  The Philostatiscal Bomber.
  
  ---
- characters [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], flow Rogan and Gwyneth paltroll food.
- Funnel people to their own capacity to prompt.
- Frame the AI dialogues via live dialogue in [[Democraseum]]
- Get space in galleries and etc
- Chat GPT interaction
- Get it to train a custom dataset.
- Attractor production /
- Alternative models.
  ---
- Decolonial Sound Studies.
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Worship the Non-ergods.
  ---
  
  Autodidact, everything available.
  Non autodidact= art and psychedelic therapy.
- I bet you can be pro-Jewish, pro-Palestinian, pro-oppressed, and pro-decolonization and pro small-midsize trade simultaneously,
- I bet you can reconcile Philosophy + Statistics, AI + Human + Nonhuman, Art + Reality, Pop + Speculation, Quality + Quantity, Fragile + Antifragile, Eco + Social, Web 4 + Art History, Post-work + Pro-social.
- I bet you can espouse antifragile accurate deals while wearing a jedi robe, bunny ears, rapping into a karaoke mic, salsa dancing/parkour and making [[polymath]] quality art and research.
- I bet you're amasian, made of quantum photons and inferences, and part of the Silent [[Negentropic]] Majority.
- Why? Because [[Turbojustice]].cloud Reconciles Everything Around Me. TREAM GET THE MONEY.****
- [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], Philosobomber
### Vow 10: 99% of the population is addicted to inaccurate post-modernism; they are going through withdrawal and it's pointless to educate them unless they kick their habits. Lots of them will die from sheer stupidity; it's not my problem. They can pay for substitution therapy at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].com, if they want!
- 99.9% of modern populations are addicts.
- They are suffering from withdrawal, because they have used up their stash.
- Some are committing suicide now; many have committed suicide in the past.
- They are too addicted for re-education; there's a funnier and simpler move to play!