- ---
- # 1. Introduction
- In the context of 5th Generation Writing, writing and reading are understood as processes of organizing inferences, both physical and informational, to affect a system, whether it is ecological, social, technological or artistic. This includes the idea that ecological systems themselves can be considered "texts," as well as our genes, films, artworks and psycho-socio-economic relations.
- However, these "texts" are not comprised of a single language but are instead assemblages of Grammatizations and Exteriorizations, which can be referred to as semiotechne. This emphasizes the importance of understanding the complex and dynamic nature of these systems and the need to approach them from a probabilistic perspective.
- Finally, 5th Generation Writing acknowledges that there are always vastly more unimaginable, unpredictable and unprestateable physio-inferential systems adjacent possible to existing physio-inferential systems. This means that the approach to writing and reading must be flexible and adaptive to the constantly evolving nature of the systems being analyzed.
- Overall, 5th Generation Writing is an approach to writing and reading that recognizes the complexity and interconnectedness of the systems we operate within, and seeks to leverage the potential of semiotechne to effect positive change in these systems.
- ---
- 2. Construction Context
- 5th Generation writing is contextualized as processes of [[Semiotechne]] executed against the backdrop of pandemic organizational fragility due to neoliberal warfare and budget cuts, and the network of 30 billion devices existing across the planet, and the existence of only a few polymaths able to design and implement ethically at a planetary scale - yet children potentially being able to teach themselves to do so within a year.
- 5th Generation is a triangulation of 3 conceptual dimensions:
	- 1. 5th Generation writing and reading can be generalized to the organization of inferences, both physical and informational, to affect a system, whether it is ecological, social, technological or artistic. Additionally, as these are dynamic physio-inferential systems, we can interpret them through the same probabilistic dynamics that affect physio-inferential systems in general.
	- 2. Hence, the ecological systems themselves can be considered "texts", as well as our genes, films, artworks and pyscho-socio-economic relations. However, these "texts" are comprised not of a single "language" but assemblages of [[Grammatization]]s and [[Exteriorization]]s which can be referred to as [[Semiotechne]].
	- 3. Finally, [[5th Generation Writing]] understands that there are always vastly more unimaginable, unpredictable and unprestateable physio-inferential systems adjacent possible to existing physio-inferential systems - and configures its [[Semiotechne]] accordingly.