#[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Foundation:

- Their logo is constantly adjusted to the exact median color of the planet, adjusted by [[State Space AI]] & [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]].
- There is a tattoo.
- There is make up foundation.
  Open Source Interpretation
  ---
  Mamasia said knock you out
  ---
  Rap News and Facts on Amasia
  
  
  ---
  
  Electric Scooters + Laser Tag
## Vow 10:  Experience Spalightenment, Eat some Ideapples, Play Peace Games in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Artcades and, save some asses, vent some sh-t in the [[Democraseum]] and kickstart [[Turbojustice]].cloud! [[New S.A.]]! [[New S.A.]]! [[New S.A.]]!
### Vow 10: You're fully infected with FRAGILE-VID 19. Don't try to learn or do. Just break as little stuff as possible and get a patron. Art is about making a new difference that makes a difference; 80% chance that you have enough basic reason to verify it, 20% chance of you synthesizing it accurately, and we have a better shot as individuals.
## Vow 10: [[Antinomy]] is a firmly middle brow project fusing democracy, media and art in the tradition of Lou Reed, Laurie Anderson, Floating Lab Collective, Yes Men, Ultrafuturo and more. It sacrifices 100% precision and 100% populism for a balanced trifecta of circumstantial accuracy, open dialogue and intelligent hedonism.
### Vow 0: the 7 Generations of Art in 3 Tiers: Lowbrow, Middlebrow, Accuratebrow

LOWBROW: [[Autodidactic]] Art therapy + psychedelics = [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Artcades
1. Immediate markmaking; chemical stimuli.
MIDDLEBROW: [[Antinomy]] + [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] 
2. Sculpting and deconstructing social relations
3. Narratives and Contextual Values
4. Disambiguation of ontology and epistemology
ACCURATEBROW: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] & AssSavers.art
5.  Complex Systems Construction
6. Ethically hacking the planetary infrastructure
7. The Unimaginable Adjacent Possible

---

NFT homage performances
- Open past | or not
  
  
  ----
  
  Manifesto as a fault line.
# Vow 0:
### 1. Lowbrow is not middlebrow and is kept alive by accuratebrow.
### 2. Middlebrow is not low brow and playfully enlightened by accuratebrow.
### 3. Accuratebrow is neither of the above.
### 4. F--k Highbrow.
### 5. Have Fun or Go Home.
### 6. I bet your mom is Amasian.
### 7. I bet you're part of the silent [[Negentropic]] majority.





















Tiered versions
---
[[Antifragility]] as sculpture.
---

The one neither is, nor is one.




I am neither a binary Amasian, nor is a binary not an inferential [[Antinomy]] of quantum photons, obeying the law of the silent viral [[Negentropic]] majority.


---

Learn - pay - buy - award


Peace Games:
- Arts and psychedelics on US end
- Games as open channels
- Peace Games, altered states - VR - quantum and complex time. 200 seconds, 10,000 years.
- simulated zoom presentations
- Sculptures of new adjacent possible claims proofs | Sculptures of liberty - statues of 🗽
- Philostatistical Punk as principles
- Hip hop as inferencesynthesis
- Cosplay as myth function (witcher)
- Speculative and AR performances
- social [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]xis, media literacy as interactive XR game and impact financing.
- Cosplay punk as funko pop LARP
- JustForgeIt : Forgestraction
  
  ---
- Inject back into the geological record itself - painting. Metaphysequality. Delimiters of both sciences measurements and aesthetic theory.
  ---
  
  
  I didn't know you were drunk; and I didn't know I was drunk.
  
  
  ---
- Highway made of light speed love.
- Time is various exits; some on ramps are fucked up.
- Lovechaeology and light bends time.
- Various regions have wounded time animals.
- There are magicians from the past living in future Attractorville sending shit back to the present via adjacent possibility through art and fiction and weird new culture. [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], aka Madjedi Magi. Uses video synthesizer and the Sunrise Program of the Cool School.
- First move is to slap himself and pay himself to enjoy himself. We are always creating our own images. Breakdances and workouts.
- Hangout at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] at [[World's End]] party. Public Momtellectual for Asssavers.art Peace Games. [[Turbojustice]].cloud .
- Bad Music Good Art. The Ballad of [[Regener888 (Main)]] . Use gather.town.
  ---
  
  Resonant processes
  
  Order of operations
  
  
  Vow -1:
  
  Skill with machines = revolution. No skill with machines = no revolution.
  
  [[polymath]] accuracy = significant knowledge. No [[polymath]] accuracy = trivial knowledge. 
  
  Arbitration skill = organize effectively. No arbitration skill = disorganize.
  
  Less fragility = less dead world and less boring art.
  
  No ethical hacking, no [[polymath]]s, no arbitration skill = No solutions.
  
  Vow -2: things can be measured from 5G to -5G.
  
  Vow -3:
  Suicide must be approved by the [[Statistical Mechanics]] of the art star.
  
  Vow -4:
  Assisted accuracy is fine and suggested.
  
  Vow -5:
  Protected as religion, but open source to philostatistical verification
  
  Vow -6:
  Activism is a problem of war; knowledge is a problem of [[polymath]]s; affect is a problem of games.
  
  Vow -7:
  Fragility Market = Ass Savers
  
  Vow -8:
  Less dead and fragile bodies, human and non-human, is my [[Hyperobject]] sculpture.
  
  Vow -9:
  Upon my death, stick the MoAss up the ass of the 1% and whomever is obstructing post-work societies.
  
  Vow -10:
  Your mompire fembassy is the medium is the messengers; l will spalighten your[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]mom upon request, for fair market value.
  
  ---
  
  Cook along
  Art along
## The reason art is so powerful is because it has nothing to do with:
1. Money
2. Politics
3. Work
4. Knowledge
5. Communication

It is absolutely none of those things. All of that is day job art; a necessary evil. But art proper is un-fucking-imaginable. It is simply just grace; positive complexification which is outside of any given entity's awareness. This punts art proper squarely away from the grabbyhands of research-based art, although it doesn't demand its destruction; it is simply bored by it.




Church, Racetrack to the right side of history, spalightenment, peace games, art of unimaginable
## 5G Art: Post-research-based, post-network, post-work, post dayjob art - art as unimaginable [[Adjacent Possibilities]]:

5th Gen Art is zero dimensional. It utilizes anything and everything as material. There are philostatistical rules to it. It doesn't require knowledge transfer, any particular social relations, any particular affect or media. Why? Because it's the indefinite singularity of the inexhaustible surplus of unimaginable [[Adjacent Possibilities]].

In fact, when we sit and think about all the current prohibitions and tendencies in art with an undergraduate level of philostatistical rigor, they dissolve absolutely.

The only thing we are left with is the widespread underdevelopment of philostatistical skill, churning out fragilities, inaccuracies, death, stupidity and boring bullshit. The solution is simply just stick individuals into [[Autodidactic]] safe spaces to engage in art and psychedelic therapy.

For anyone else at the top of their game today, there is no obligation to communicate, teach, or aid! Unless you get paid! All of those functions are dayjob art!


---

Right sides of histories racetracks!
[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]
Simulator of investors

---
# What is 5G Art and why is its primary mode of expression PopSpec Punk?
1. 5G art is the synthesis of unimaginable [[Adjacent Possibilities]] in accordance to universal philostatistical laws.
2. It works on 3 levels; accurate philostatistical speculation, perceptual open ended structures, affective immediacy- particularly humor and play.
3. Hence punk is chosen as cultural mode of synthesis because it's so inclusive, minimal and scalable. Obviously, punk can intake a multiplicity of other genres, independent of any particular culture, history or planet.
4. In general, populaces are either conditioned to kill or believe in speculative proposals; PopSpecPunk produces a safe simulation space where these habituated cognitive modes can be judo flipped into a culture of [[Antifragility]] over time.
5. Spec, short for speculation, financial and theoretical and in relation to spec scripts - allows for a rapid prototyping of novelty, complexity and synthesis in a cultural arena. There is no material that is barred from speculation as long as it obeys the ultimate philostatistical laws of the universe- which part of the game is trying to [[Autodidactic]]ally articulate!



---

Diagram, Peter bodily as comic book, soothing meditation/punk/hip hop ai voice over.

Play with inversion of pre sets.

---

Non Binary Korean Church of Philostatistical [[Neganthropic]] Inferentialism

---
# "Unimaginable [[Neganthropic]] Adjacent Possibility is the Message is the Medium is the Mother Umma Amasia of Quantum Philostatical Mechanics" 2022
## Coming soon to an [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].com near you!
### [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], the gameshow covering the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] peace games of the [[New S.A.]], including asssavers.art and PopSpec Punk, the 5G Art Medium of choice!

By playing, you're eligible for a lottery and you can win awards for various tasks and achievements! Particularly in how many asses you can save before you die! You win a 🏆 shaped like an ass, that will be then placed in the Museum of A.S.S., which upon Peter's death, will be shoved up the ass of the 1%, the 100 families who illegally own 50% of the planet's assets, and the 100 corporations doing 70% of the ecological damage to the Earth!
# Coming soon (after I hit a kajillion deadlines):
#### [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], THE [[Democraseum]], AND THE ANTIFRAGILE DEAL OF THE [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] (BOTH A VETERAN OF WORLD WAR FRAGILITY AND SEVERAL LEGENDARY POPSPECPUNK AND TROP RIVALRIES, AND ALSO MEMBER OF THE NONBINARY KOREAN CHURCH OF PHILOSTATISTICS)


---
### Upcoming - the Make Amasia Game Against Misinterpreted Entropy Peace Game, featured on [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].com:


1. 70's religious folk have poetry and media art nights for the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] at favorite comfortable local spot.
2. 90's art/science research artists connect and present in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] via Emergentcenters.cloud, featured in the Superpositional Dream Wedding at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].com and the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] gameshow.
3. 00's Fragile-vid-19 vaccines for millenials and the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
4. Gen Z: Cool School and the [[Democraseum]]
5. Gen Alpha: [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] and [[Regener888 (Main)]] Roblox MAGAME Peace games.


---



Questionnaire:
- 70s poetry
- Box TV - 90s music video channel - artworks, food and silent disco. Can I live.
- 00s - fictional bullshitting
- 10s - cool school
- 20s - [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]]
  
  
  
  ---
  
  [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]
  Rap with black mask and neck massager tie.
  
  
  ---
  
  Smaller earbuds on pops
  Diagram flow for Lou
  
  
  
  ---
# Pt. 2
- Arbitration and healing space.
- Resonance chambers.
- Referring to a quantum AI that has the fully loaded ontology (leads to a published Obsidian front end of [[State Space AI]]).
- Speculative Reality Game & Film played via [[PopSpec]] Art & Theater Games.
- Impossible Embassy accounts for lack of accuracy in the Left and slow adoption of new ideas and technologies. Leftists are recruited in the Birth of an Invagination | [[Least Stupid Prize]] for both Dadaesque and extremely rigorous conceptual work.
- Also articulates that the rift between Global Right and Fragile Left is simply a lack of accurate grasp of statistics.
  
  
  
  1. Bamboo pop-ups / Sheets / Xerox / Butcher Paper / Hang paintings
  2. Alcohol / Food / Pillows
  3. Show and Tell / Projections / Poetry / Performance / Music / [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] Press Passes
  ---
  4. Ideavatar battles / Cosplay / [[Regener888 (Main)]]
  5.[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Renegade Training / [[Amasian Renaissance Tales]] / [[Amasian Revolutionary Theater]] 
  6. Is it actually inclusively scalable? / Artsenal / Artmunitions / Magic 
  7. [[Postworkcraft]] / Criticalcoin / PostworkMarket Skills