- ---
- # 1. Introduction
- [[Statistical Review]] is a method of peer review designed to triangulate inferences of system states. Statistical review can be deployed by human-machine agents. The protocol operates in 3 stages as follows:
	- 1. There are 3 major verification processes of the [[SRP]] used to triangulate verification of strong [[inference]]s:
		- Physical evidence.
		- Simulations of philostatistical models.
		- AI-aided search and strong [[inference]] of existing datasets.
	- 2. Inferences can be parameterized in 3 dimensions:
		- Accuracy, or [[Inferential Distance]]
		- Probability
		- [[possibility space]] or [[Problem Space]]
	- 3. Inferences can be grouped into components of time-scaled functions as follows:
		- [[1 - General Sections/Personal Organized/16 - Notebook Scraps/Tasks]], [[function]], [[system state]], which can comprise a [[model]].
- ---
- 2. Context of Construction
- [[Statistical Review]], or the [[SRP]] stands for "[[Statistical Review Protocol]]" which is a protocol utilized by the [[Ethical Futures Institute]], drawing from protocols of [[Open Source Universal Basic Intelligence Communities]], in which agents execute a protocol of statistically inferencing [[net negentropic]] system states which can withstand peer review from both human and non-human agents.
- ---
- 3. Context of Application
- [[Statistical Review]] is used to arbitrate inferences.
- Exteriorizes the functions of institutions.
- Expands capacities for prosocial self-organization
- Promotes Autodidacticism
- ---
- 4. Inferrable Worldview
- Neo-probablism
- Potential Energy Realism
- Adjacent Possibility
- ---
- 5. Application
- Neganhtro.site