- ---
- # 1. Introduction
	- The [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] is an **anti-hate, anti-rascist and postwork-positive** transregional cultural platform and curatorial protocol.
	  id:: 645f291d-6de8-49da-8ffe-0caebf2dc06d
	- The term [[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]] is derived from the term “Amasia”, referring to simulations produced by a laboratory in Yale, who's findings were published in the Nature journal, providing a high degree of certainty that all existing continents are currently drifting into a Neo-Pangean supercontinent, which is named Amasia. It also refers to Amasya, a city in Turkey contain complex intersectional histories between Afro-Asia, Asiamerindia and Eurasia.
	- The [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] is designed to resolve the primary conflicts of art and politics that repeat within art biennale events:
		- Goals: Space for open expression of transcultural solidarity and common problems, Accuracy of political and critical inequities, Fluid and safe exchange of solutions, tools and experiments
		- Methodology: Intermediation of regional cultures, physical and digital happenings, statistically reviewed arbitration
		- Measurement: [[Inclusive Scalability]],[[Neganthropy]], [[Postworketariat]]
	- Additionally, the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] opens membership of the [[Amasian Peoples]], an officialy recognized peoples as defined by professional anthropologists, to any past, present and adjacent possible entities, human and non-human, upon their self declaration in relation the physical fact that the supercontinent of Amasia, physically contains all past, present and adjacent possible peoples of Earth by definition. Members are free to produce and integrate subvariations of the [[Amasian Peoples]], such as Amasian South Korean peoples.
	- The [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] endorses the [[Politics of the Postwork Majority]] as it benefits the statistical majority of the Earth.
- ---
- # 2. Principles
	- We believe that biennales in general continuously face the same issues in regards to political representation; we would like to utilize this accurate future perspective to open a space to produce and present speculative offerings that can transform present conflicts and past historical traumas. These offerings can span thought experiments on future planetary issues of a [[Global Commons]] as well as historicization and contextualization of past eco-social forms of the [[Global Commons]].
	- Practically, we would like to synthesize recent intellectual, techno-cultural and artistic developments with existing cultures, communities and ecologies to produce speculative emancipatory capacities and tools. Our target audience and context is the communities of the majority of the planet that exist in semi-industrialized regions with varying degrees of inequity. This includes Turkey, South Korea, the Balkans, under-resourced regions of the U.S. ,  E.U. and South America.
- ---
- # 3. Application Context
	- The Amasian Biennale aims at an audience of "2nd World Countries", in which there is a commingling of modern infrastructures and cultures and non-modern infrastructures and cultures. Some of these countries are undergoing immediate eco-social crises of varying degrees; some have surmounted past eco-social crises of varying degrees.
	- Again, having experienced the immense diversities and complexities in working in and with these regions, we have few illusions of dictating a single pre-conceived outcome or worldview upon the [[Global Commons]]. Large-scale mono-culturation will never be endorsed.
	  We embrace an approach to the [[Global Commons]] based on the protocol of our namesake - antinomy - meaning contradiction of multiple logics. Simultaneously, we adamantly propose the production and maintenance of a common table for communities to produce, present, dialogue, critique and re-combine speculative offerings and options towards positive, prosocial collective outcomes.
	- For this aim, we are agnostic of method, as long as it is inclusive and sustainable. Any media or tool, artistic and otherwise, is fair game for speculative prosociality. We see no conflict with using AI as well as a sowing needle; VR as well as plaster; referencing quantum mechanics as well as mythologies; cryptocurrencies and informal barter.
	- As with all processes of collective speculation, there will be conflicts, contradictions and confusions. We do not seek to avoid them nor be shipwrecked by them; we view these instances as tools and fuels to carve out more pro-social outcomes.  We understand that in some cases, for a more [[Inclusive Scalability]], no single tool or method is always appropriate; hence in some context, antagonism and negativity is the most appropriate tool and in others, they are not. Regardless, we strive to use the most appropriate tools for the contexts, with as much accuracy as we can bring to bear.
- collapsed:: true
  ---
	- Working Notes
		- “The Amasian Biennale” is our cultural civic platform for antifascism and decolonization, designed to engage advisors and peers interested in art related to identity, politics, social practice  and ecology.  The framework is titled the Amasian Biennale, derived from the term “Amasia” referring to the neo-Pangea currently in formation. It also refers to Amasya, a city in Turkey contain complex intersectional histories between Afro-Asia, Asiamerindia and Eurasia. Already, we engaged with Hito Steyerl through the TAAS who then endorsed the framework. Included is a sharing of newer media and tech praxes from the queer hacker community that bring the physical, virtual, critical and playful into non-binary balances, reducing production costs and increasing expressivity for artists and activists.
		- The Amasian Biennale has been ongoing for over roughly 7 years. In 2019, a localized exhibition "Anti-Something" was coordinated and produced in Turkey. This edition featured multiple Popular Speculative Artworks, conveying newer speculative ideas and praxes through popular non-binary cultural forms. Drawing from the praxes, theory and ethos of the queer hacker community pushing to queer the physical and virtual, minimal and surreal, the works are installed in both physical and virtual forsm in multiple locations across the planet simultaneously. Locations include Istanbul, Washington, D.C., NYC, Berlin, Seoul, Amsterdam, Miami, Colombia.
		- An integral component of the Amasian Biennale is speculative conversations. Participants are encouraged to propose new possible images to represent or perform the speculative planetary identity and culture of Amasia and also playfully recombine the presented materials.
	- 1. Radically inclusive, AI-assisted curation:
		- Submit anything
	- 2. Strengthen an anti-hate movement.
	- 3. Also, there is a fun element - we are curating works from artists that were rejected from other exhibitions. Feel free to experiment with AI also.