Sell a hand painted .jpg icon on a canvas


Sell signed pennies

- Sell to cardano guy; video nft is $500
- forgestraction
- Matched grants
- Matched bets
- Matched awards
  ---
- Percept: Critique the medium. The NFT of something unvalued = criticism.
- Concept: Trans-human discourse. Consciousness as trans-human.
- Affect: Anti-contemporary localism. 
  ---
  
  Paper of [[Autodidactic Universe]].
  
  
  
  
  
  Heartbets = AI generated MRI of a heart.
  
  
  ---
  
  Ai generated
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] ...?
  
  ---
  
  A quantum AI reading the [[Autodidactic Universe]] whitepaper while writing this prompt to generate an image of itself.
  +
  Watercolor of the same image with the lake.
  +
  Both images interpolated and glitched, bounced off of quantum reservoir computer.
  
  
  
  
  
  AI and transhuman figures reading the [[Autodidactic Universe]] whitepaper in the Cool School. 
  
  
  ---
  
  [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] Peace Games
- People shooting gel blasters - shoot at screens.
- People trying to negotiate peace - speaking really quickly and negotiating.
- People researching and doing comms and shit - find the worst targets.
  
  --
  Genius artist - bachmann claims
  Monsterpieces
  
  ----
  
  
  Eco = water from Onondaga Lake
  Social = m2s
  Tech = AI
  Art = New concepts
  
  ---
- Funeral for self and eulogy.
- Take bets on how much his work is worth.
- Blow up doll with Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's face on it.
  ---
  
  
  We speculate that there is no speculation tha cannot be verified against Earth's gravity.
- ai memes to speech Bubble
- Speech bubble to miro. diagram
- Diagram to speculations > [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]]
- Rapped bets > [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]
- ---
  Cube transform to 
  Cube cutout 
  To irl cubes.
  
  Quantum Cube
  ---
  
  The non 1% playing quantum peace games irl; the speculative silent majority playing quantum cyber peace games.
  
  Bets on artistic value mixed with politics and nonsense.
  
  Logistics and hackers, making miros.
  ---
  
  
  Amasian mompire
  
  ---
- Pay bills.
- Expedite passport when it gets here.
- Return some shit - Saturday.
  ---
  
  Anti-war disco.
  
  
  
  123
  4. Wager on military industrial complex driving the economic imbalances
  5. Wager it can be redirected towards green infrastructure.
  6. Wager there is nothing that is not quantum.
  7. Wager that information frees itself.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  A single skilled nuclear physicist can shift the balance of power at nation-scale; a single [[polymath]] artist like Nikola Tesla or Alan Turing can shift the balance of power at planetary scale.
  
  1 human mind and body can change the planet; we can bet on it.
  
  
  ---
  
  [[Regener888 (Main)]] fires smart bullets
  
  Ai documentary
  
  Self portrait with planetary camera
  
  
  
  Bet with Sara Raza, hito steyerl
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  For every action not taken or ineffective action taken towards an antifragile post-work society, AI will do it in a peace game simulator and post a bounty for someone to do it in real life.
  
  ---
  
  Mongo DB Triggers auto update.
  Run scraping scripts.
  
  Youtube pin comments
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] bets + music.
  
  Graffiti
  
  4 questions
  
  ---
  
  
  I bet that Ozan Atalans PhD and [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]] will answer these questions.
  ---
  
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]: 
  
  I bet that accurate speculation is the rarest Earth mineral.
  
  I bet that Santiago Sierra blows more than selma selman
  
  I bet that beeple blows more than [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]
  
  I bet that wars and ecosocial imbalance are driven by military-industrial complexes more than anything.
  
  ---
  
  Disco science , mirwais
  
  
  
  I bet that words are signs; 
  
  Signs are visual.
  
  I bet about the meaning 
  
  ---
  
  Funky disco house Philosoraps
  
  ---
  
  Indefinite uses and use value
  
  
  ---
- Modes of mediation and potentiality of trans-nationalism. Capacities and affordances.
- ecology is a perspectival and subjectivity problem.
- socialconstructivism,  ecological deconstructionism
- 4 channel, punctuate affordable.
  ---
- Bet on Meaning
  
  
  ---
  
  SCRIPT:
  Mario & Antifragile Agent P. Roxy
- 1. Mario and Antifragile Agent P. Roxy with nature jamming - microphone and drums
	- Background of Nature (Plants and Coral jamming out)
	- Flip to Rotoscope.
- 2. Present mario gives permission for future [[polymath]] mario to possess Antifragile Agent P. Roxy and teach present mario all the [[polymath]] stuff.
	- Teach neganthropomorphosis vs. entropy. Ideapples
	- Only 1,000 people on Earth know this.
- 3. Mario and Antifragile Agent P. Roxy write on a dollar
	- Sell the dollar $5 a
	- 102 sq CM = $510
	- If you want to be a badass, and you are rich and protest the inequity of Turkey's exchange rate - you can buy this artwork at 19x , $9,700. Proceeds will go to aid an infamous queer Turkish artist.
	  ---
	  
	  Pretend like learning, listening, leading
	  
	  
	  ----
- Grass-roots Speculative Democracy vs. Top-down speculative democracy
- Make speculation more accessible.
- Access to Speculation.
- Stand up and speculate
- Replace with freedom of speech with freedom of speculation
- Freedom of Speculation / what about my rights.
- The right to speculate
- Indignant Citizen / The Ordinary Angry Person / They claim t
- I am the people / I'm just like you
- Universal puncture by individual
  
  
  
  ---