

# "The Monument of the Post-Work Majority" [[Antinomy]], 2023






Everyone can agree upon Postwork Regionalism; what few will agree upon, immediately, is to use Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's 7 Stage Escape Tunnel From Ecosocial Collapse to get there.

Hence, why he will bet the Devil his soul that it will work, and have the wager verified by both scientists and Humanities experts.

















The answer to the problem of society and technology is in the mechanism of[[neganthropic evolution]]itself (which is actually not a destructive, homogenizing, cannibalistic process). 

If ethics regarding society and technology are simply aligned more accurately with how[[neganthropic evolution]]already functions, then the problem is as easily solved as unwrapping a gift, which[[neganthropic evolution]]is.

---



1. Nihan / Selma Women = Banana Revolution & [[Postworkcraft]]
2. Ozan = [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] & A.P.P.
3. Austin = [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] & [[Regener888 (Main)]]
4. Jon/WeiGang and Neven and Patrick and Timothy Lavenz = I.S. H.U.D. and [[Democraseum]]
5. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy = [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]] and AF Agency and [[Antinomy]] = Monument to the Postwork Majority - with 


---
## "MetaPhysEquality: A Film Which Is As Beautiful As You Can't Imagine That You Always Already Were" 2023 


---






**A least boring pitch for Gen X cultural producers, who are semiotic specialists trained for a different, more innocent time.** 

**Basically - why you should play [[Postworkcraft]] with people who get your jokes and references rather than waste time and energy in another f--king meeting or committee or discussion or whatever the f--k.**

*POV: You learned literature, but the world is a kajillion times more heterogeneously expressive and also f--ked up than that which is taught in most literature courses. And you hate reading, unless it's something you wrote, it's somebody with free extra shrooms, or it's a possible date -- so f--k learning, that's out of the f--king question. And you're unsure about all this social sh-t, because you were a weirdo with a talent for semiotics growing up, hence you don't have a very flexible or expressive, broad-ranging cultural vocabulary; also f--k the world, because Gen X.

1. You have a degree and education in literature or some literature theory based field.
2. Clearly, today is an ecology filled with a kajillion different media cocktails.
3. There are also large amounts of people dying from various catastrophes, which you do not know how to parse how to react to; and if you write and publish something, people might cancel you.
4. You're quite talented with language and have a fluency of images of a certain paradigm; you are also extremely bored with the paucity of wittiness in a large amount of existing media production.
5. What the f--k do you do? JOIN THE COOL SCHOOL, PLAY [[Postworkcraft]]. WHY?
6. All the theoretical stuff is taken care of for you; there is zero construction skill required; it is explicitly a space for making bizarre semiotic monstrosities, safely quarantined from the real world, where there are plenty of people who are neurochemically imbalanced and will kill you over a misinterpretation - or will wreck your career.
7. Your monstrosities will fuel positive ecosocial impacts and also cool art and tech, and you get claim Critical Coin for knowing and being part of it ahead of time - WITHOUT ANY WORK.
##### Why Cool is Always Also Critical, but Critical is Not Always Cool; and why 99.9% of People Should Play [[Postworkcraft]], Rather Than Try To Do Accurate Critical Thinking

1. You can't be cool if you're a f--king idiot; as soon as you are seen to be stupid, you become a liability to everyone's coolness around you. 
2. Anyone who cares about coolness has no f--king idea how the f--k to define cool, actually.
3. Why? Because coolness, by definition, is in part acting calm despite NOT knowing. Coolness is also being able to ALLUDE to knowledge, or complexity, without actually explicating it competently. 
4. Coolness has nothing to do with information; it's a performance game of attitude chicken while simultaneously saying whatever terms are in fashion.
5. What are the rules of the actual game, the performance game? Basically, just try to maintain as cool of a facade as possible about as many things you don't know. 
6. Produce auras around things, denounce things, scoff at verifications. This is why ACTUAL accurate critical thinking is NOT cool - because it breaks the performance game.
7. Okay so look - to be honest this is a hilariously fun performance game - especially in neoliberalism when people are already always playing this game. Why not just make it official? Only a few [[polymath]]s on Earth know what the Hell they are talking about.
### What is the unifying ideal of the 29.9% middle class? Not intelligence, skill or ethics - it's just whatever is cool. 

Okay so here's the situation; because the middle class fragments its intelligence, skill and ethics amongst disparate individuals - its only shot is via collage. Otherwise, divided we fall.

But then the problem is that the middle class is actually 3 different worlds and languages - the only thing that unites them is coolness.
# "Only the Cool Will Survive.

The 1 Thing America is Actually Skilled at Producing: Cool.

(It literally sucks at everything else. Academies are deskilled, culture is undereducated, industry is unethical.)" 2023

---



3-part escape room game challege for the middle class (Banana Revolution)

1. Intelligence - find someone who is smart
2. Skill - find someone who is skilled
3. Ethics - find someone who is ethical

Talk together, try to piece together a cool individual scale, or small group scale or world scale model or solution that will be in the Banana Revolution fashion show of cool models.

Also feel free to simply play Coolcraft!








"Bet a free CriticalCoin on the BestIdeas" 2023








"AMASIAN POST-WORK PUNK TWISTER" 2023

1. Play with strangers, particularly strangers who need love and/or education, and/or intellectual peers.
2. The first player sings a [[Non-binary]] statement or a [[non-linear]] statement or an inclusively scalable statement, then they put a hand or foot on a part of an invisible grid on the floor or wall. (Easy solution- go to emergentcenters.com and find a random statement!)
3. The second player sings a statement with the same rules, then puts a hand or foot on the invisible grid.
4. Whoever doesn't say a statement with those parameters gets smacked on the hand or foot.
5. Players should place their hand or foot on the invisible grid, in proximity of other players, in direct proportion to:
- How much they like or dislike the other person for zero reason
- How much they have no idea what they are talking about but enjoy performing it, or how much they enjoy talking about the thing the specialize in
- How much they want to express the creativity of reality, but there isn't a widespread culture of intellectualism and invention
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Simple wager: individuals with semiotic incapacities should not be engaging with semiotic systems outside of a structured environment; it's like trying to learn how to drive by driving on the highway. 80% chance of crash and burn.
  
  They should be undergoing socialization first; whoever does that should be paid for any educational service rendered.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Amasian Postwork Punk Tik Tok Challenge: figure out how the 1% screwed your education system and social services in the 1980s, express it directly or indirectly through song and dance, and how you could simply just teach yourself adequate skills and knowledge to do whatever, and you win $10,000 in artworks!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Antifragile Agent P. Roxy bets the devil:
  
  1.[[neganthropic evolution]]is individuals individuating new tool usages and behaviors, not dominating. 
  2. Social organization is for groups to negate oppressive groups.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  [[Postworkcraft]] A.P.P
  (Amasian Postwork Punk) Twister Tik Tok Challenge:
  
  1. First of all, if you don't want to participate, you don't have to and and you will just be marked as a non-participant so you won't be further bothered. You can change your mind if you want. Also, it's recommended for those with less socialization to try the lower levels first, work your way up! Like learning how to drive - don't start on the highway!
  2. There are 7 levels of participation:
- Silence, Absence, Withdrawal
- Say, sing, express something [[Non-binary]], [[non-linear]] or inclusively scalable (check emergentcenters.com for material)
- Make jokes, pranks and new friendly, weird culture as part of the [[Postworkcraft]] game (Bad attitude, prosocial message, playful intellectualism)
- Take part in the Banana Revolution modelling contest, and make an individual, organizational, world model. Solo or with friends or random folks! Failure is also fun.
- Whatever you do, jam along with the inaudible sound and invisible dance of all the continents on Earth drifting into a Neo-Pangean supercontinent; this can be by doing nothing, doing something productive, fun, speculative or stupid.
- Make up a mockumentary about it
- Sell NFT'S of the Monument to the Postwork Majority, split it ethically to best save the planet.
  
  3. Pretend you are in a large invisible grid on the planet, made of boxes of media curated by AI that are autobalancing everything to create post-work regions. Put your hand or foot as close or as far to other boxes in relation to:
- How much you intuitively like or dislike someone for no reason
- How weird you or someone else is, and how you express it in both affirmations and negations.
- how much reality is open-ended, and there is no public culture of intellectualism and invention
  
  
  Yes and splits
  
  
  Manifesto of lack of info
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Game Notes: 
  1. In [[Postworkcraft]] everyone is a self teaching, loving God (the peak of coolness.)
  2. However, most are missing 4 of 5 organs and limbs. Hence they usually either have 1 but not all of:
- Intelligence, Skill, Ethics, Imagination, Courage
  3. Only a few have all 5; these are the legendary [[polymath]]s of old. They are capable of summoning a Dragon King which can balance the planet. However, the Dragon King answers the summons only if there is adequate momentum from the populace.
  
  
  
  
  
  "That Which is Not Entropic is Inferrable; Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Peace" 2023
  
  
  Art without claims, art with claims, both can obviously co-exist:
  
  1. For those in th
  
  
  
  
  "A quite, personal, intimate, poetic, subjective, post-modern AND ancestral belief in objective probabilities:
  
  Negentropy-Positivity!
  
  To believe positively in all things that have objectively high probabilities of producing complexifying outcomes, verifiable via statistics and prototyping." 2023
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  1. Lots of people in society are simply neurochemically imbalanced via predations by the 1%.
  2. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Postwork Protest (aka the only one you can actually afford, pays you, and pays off)" 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Organizations: your communities and capacities are hindered by a lack of semiotic and digital literacy. You have no plan except for treading water.
  
  If you don't invest in organizing your community and upgrading your infrastructute, you will be cancelled by a chemically imbalanced individual who should be cared for by trained professionals, determined obsolete by undereducated admins, and outmarketed by insane, unethical entrepreneurs.
  
  Contract the friendly, nice artists, intellectuals and investors of the Cool School, who run the [[Democraseum]]; safely quarantine the chemically imbalanced, tame the undereducated and boost your market claims.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  3 main threats to all organizations, in the face of overwhelming semiotic and digital incapacity of the population:
  
  1. You will be cancelled by a neurochemically imbalanced individual, or spend massive energy dealing with them.
  2. Undereducated administrators will channel your resources inaccurately and cripple your organization.
  3. You will be outmarketed by fragile entrepreneurs.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  [[Postworkcraft]] and[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Postwork Punk Player Stages (and Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's 7 Stage Conceptual Escape Artist Tunnel, One That He Is Betting the Devil His Soul):
  
  1. Understand what will kill you; grow skills to not die.
  2. Understand what will exploit you; grow skills to balance transactions.
  3. Understand what will confine you; grow skills to escape.
  4. Understand what will de-compose; grow skills to compose yourself.
  5. Understand what breaks ecologies and markets; grow skills to fix ecologies and markets.
  6. Understand how techne and culture bypasses chokepoints; grow skills to use both.
  7. Understand how to present and implement planetary scale infrastructure ethically; grow skills to do this.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Should that individual be in the FIELD of art? 
  
  Or should that individual be [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]CTICING art in a safe place supervised by professionally trained staff who can handle conflict and degrees of violence?
  
  Is this an abstract question of theory and art or a question of lowering the risk of a chemically imbalanced individual potentially harming themself and others?" 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Postworkcraft]] game notes:
  
  1. Currently, 70%+ of modern societies are composed of undereducated and traumatized MAIMED GODS of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] with multiple broken wings and limbs. 
  2. They organize in small nomadic tribes of 5 to 20 members.
  ----
  
  
  
  
  
  
  For the vibetribes:
  1. Never talk about complexity.
  2. Never. Talk. About. Complexity.
  3. Free entry into the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and pay them to be Banana Revolution influencers / CoolCrafters,[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Postwork Punk band members, starring in the Least Stupid Movie.
  ---
  Cool ... for the midsize organizations, help them shine bright, connect with each other via [[Democraseum]], [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]], [[Ethical Futures Institute]], StateSpaces and [[Intercity Planetary]].
  
  For actual art - connect with [[polymath]]s, build the Monument, [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]], Postwork Market, and blast a bunch of dumb capitalists and