- ---
- 1. Definition
- Post-normal Modernism expands the capacity for all entities to produce [[net negentropic]] claims which can be verified via [[SRP]]. Ontological context is explicitly decoupled from epistemological method. [[inference]]s comprising valuations of negentropy are ranked in terms of accuracy.
	- Based on post-normal science; also retains the multi-paradigmatic logics of postmodernism. Can interface with multiple ontological entities; seeks neganthropy verifiable in relation to Earth's gravitational field.
- ---
- # 2. Applications
- [[Antinomy]]
- ---
- 3. Source Contexts
	- [[Neganthropic Modernism]]
		- a. Theoretical Constellation:
			- Abstract: Post-normal Modernism expands the capacity for all entities, actual and virtual, documented and speculative, to produce [[net negentropic]] claims which can be verified via [[SRP]]. Ontological context is explicitly decoupled from epistemological method. [[inference]]s comprising valuations of negentropy are ranked in terms of accuracy.
			- Sources:
				- 1. Eco-social theory: [[New Materialism]] & [[Black Quantum Futurism]] & [[Superpositional Intersectionalism]]
					- Jane Benett: Vibrant Matter
					- Thomas Stanley: Alter Destiny
					- Selma Selman: Superpositional Intersectionalism
				- 2. Decomposition into entities: [[Object Oriented Ontology]] and [[Object Oriented Feminism]] & the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Facts/Autodidactic Universe]]
					- Timothy Morton
					- Bulgarian eco-feminism
				- 3. Composable Entities: [[Assemblage Theory]] & [[Assembly Index]] & [[Inferentialism]] & [[Post-empirical Science]]
					- [[Strong [[inference]]]]
					- [[Bio-[[inference]]s]]
					- [[quantum photon]]
					- Amasian [[Perspectivism]], Non-binary Grace , Quantum Buddhism
				- 4. Physical-Informational dynamics: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]] & [[Room-Temperature Quantum Mechanics]] & [[Polariton]]
				- 5. Informational dynamics: [[Information Science]], [[Multi-paradigm Computation]], [[Antifragile Eco-social Feedback Systems]] & [[Antifragility]] & [[Superpositional Socialism]]
		- b. Cultural Constellation:
			- 1. Speculative cultural synthesis: [[Complexity Science Fiction]] & [[Amasian Futurism]] & [[Speculative Fiction]] & [[Anti-dystopianism]] & [[Cyclonopedia]]
			- 2. Speculative cultural praxes: [[Magepunk]] & [[Amasian Renaissance Tales]] & [[Amasian Symphony Orchestra]] & [[The Quantumdead]] & [[Quantumgothic]] & [[PopSpecPunk]]
			- 3. Speculative Simulator: [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold: We Have a Superpositional Dream of the [[Democraseum]] of the Global Commons]]
		- c. Politics (In Progress):
			- 4. Historical sources:
				- [[Liberation Theology]] , [[Autonomism]] , [[Korean Anarchism]]
				- Free Cities, [[Teotihuacan]] , [[Nomadic Tribes]]
				- Thomas More's Utopia and [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold: We Have a Superpositional Dream of the [[Democraseum]] of the Global Commons]] and the notion of [[The Commons]]
				- [[Politics of Distribution]] by [[James Ferguson]], [[Grace and Gravity]] by Simone Weil. Antonio Gramsci, Malcolm X, etc.
				- [[Radical Immanence]] via Laruelle and the Cosmic Assemblage via Manuel De Landa, the [[Assembly Index]] by Sara Walker, [[negentropy]] by Schrodinger and [[Radical Emergence]] by Stuart Kaufmann.
			- Opposition:
				- The Zombie 1%, and the 100 Titanic Zombies:
					- 100 Corporations of the Carbon Majors
					- 100 Families
					- Meshwork simulator by De Landa and Co-operative simulator by Nash disprove their principles
					- Weakness is their inflexibility.
					- [[Teotihuacan]] and the history of free cities. Also the capacity for municipalities to self organize.
				- The Fragile Zombie Right
					- Working class microfascism from poor education and traumatization.
					- Middle class fascism from lack of education, economic constraints.
					- Intellectual fascism from laziness and inaccuracy.
					- Primarily fault is lack of education fueled by incentivization.
				- The Fragile Zombie Left
					- MidWestern Leftism
						- Tone-deaf
						- Gwynneth Paltrow
					- German Contemporary 0Art Politics
						- Spiritualism
						- Expressionist Poetry
						- Realist Aesthetics
					- Artistic fragilization
			- Political Subjectivity of Resistance:
				- Silent Superpositional Majority, or People Yet to Come
		- d. Aesthetics (In Progress)
			- Neganthropic PopSpec: Takes contemporary popular culture and injects accurate, open, critical and historical self-awareness.
				- Paul Chan , Hito Steyerl , Fluxus
				- Amasia Live: a news/culture/knowledge outlet which also hosts pataphysical authors - characters who star in [[Regener888 (Notes)]] and [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold: We Have a Superpositional Dream of the [[Democraseum]] of the Global Commons]].
				- --- Writers
				- Captain Amasia
					- Istvan Kantor
					- Moon Rabbit, Quantumstein, Kept alive by making elixirs of life - Neganthropic Popspec.
					- Veteran Operator of Team Griffin of [[Regener888 (Notes)]]; often is a bit of a Maverick on the bleeding edge. Like Batman in Justice League.
					- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasreddin
					- Don Quixote
				- The Neon Madonna
					- An eco-feminist who is rough around the edges.
					- She is protected by Shi, the Double Dragon King of 5G Polymaths but sometimes gets in fights with them.
					- Her prototype is Simone Weil, Jane Bennet, Isabelle Stenger, Octavia Butler, Kate Beckinsale (FemBlade).
					-
				- Estamasia
					- A former military wargame simulation AI that was infected by the 
					  quantum viral lumafruits of the Xenabloom. It was transformed into a peace gamer, operated by children and quantum AI.
					- Child Peace Gamers are visualized via Michano avatars.
				- Mamasia
					- Antifragile 500 year old dead working class mother at Ideapplebees.
					- She is a detective for the murder mystery of "Who Killed Democracy".
				- The Xenabloom
					- An alien mushroom coral Back From the Future, who is proliferating quantum viral lumafruits of the Xenabloom, from rare philostatistical seeds in the present, constrained by neganthropical philostatistical principles of Earth's Gravity System. Generally, it thinks present-day Earth is boring and fragile and wants to make it prettier and more antifragile.
					- It's started a book imprint: [[Trees Writing Books]] .
			- Folkloric references
				- [[Moon Rabbit]] figure connects the East Asian and Amerindian mythologies
				- [[Hiawatha]] as an Amerindian mythology of arbitration
				- Korean [[Goblins]]
				- Irish [[Faeries]]
				- Djinns
				- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trickster
					- Karagöz plays existed in Tunisia until the start of the French protectorate, when they were banned because of their denunciation of colonialism
		- e. Neganthropomorphosis (Theory of Resistance)
			- PopSpec
				- Michanos : Child Peace Gamers
				- NFT's : Postworkverse / Post-Normal Modernizm Zone Video Essays
				- Slacker Stupid Philosophy & Memes: (Sly Villager) = Captain Amasia
				- Intensity: Banana Revolution - Bad Music Good Art Punk
					- Mario on Drums
					- Females just shouting shit; or people just arguing about normal shit
						- F*ck negatives
						- F*ck etc.
						- F*ck Western Perspective
						- F*ck
					- AI raps straight knowledge from texts.
					- Peter air Guitars the ArtiPhon with sunglases, plays noise rock
				- Sexiness:  Cool School
				- Tik Tok: self-awareness
				- Film:
					- Gravitational Lens, Planetary Shutter, Stars as HUD, Film Stock as all quantum photons affected via the quantum net signals.
			- Contemporary Art
				- Ann Lee by Pierre Huyghe
				- Detournment, Bourriaud
				- Banksy, JR, Yes Men
			- Modern Art
				- Eastern European Conceptualism
				- Conceptual Cleaning - Subversive Recontextualization & Appropriation
				- French pataphysics and humor
				- Andy Warhol, Duchamp
				- De Kooning, Cy Twombly
				- Syncreticism, Won Hyo
			- PopSpec, Art History and History Resistance Moments
				- Club Penguin & Social Children's Books
				- Karagöz plays existed in Tunisia until the start of the French protectorate, when they were banned because of their denunciation of colonialism.
				- Judge Dredd, Westerns
		- f. Qualitative Experience
			- Folk
				- Viktor Tsoi
				- Lou Reed
				- Johnny Cash
			- Hip Hop
				- Erykah Badu
				- Jill Scott
				- Flow Bop
				- Jean Grae
			- Lo-fi House
		- g. Self-awareness
			- Bad Music Good Art
				- Hip Hop
					- Alphabet Song
			- Bad Art Good Vibes
			- Data-backed Art (Assembly Index) (Chemistry)
			- Cards Against Fragility
			-
- ---
- 4. Multi-cast Distribution
- {{embed  ((16d084a1-3a41-4546-917a-0be3b21a5334))}}
- ---
- 5. Statistically Reviewed Metrics & Markets
- {{embed  ((305e57b6-f132-44ad-b526-c548323604ee))}}
- ---
- 6. Cultural Bridge
- The Twilight Zone aka Post-Normal Zone
- ---
- 7. Speculative Complexification
	- Bestideas.live
		- Speculative Rap, Art, News Freestyle Battle Game