1. Absurd selfvaginating raps + critical disco

2. 13 bets: 1/3 high, med, low

3. Cooking + fitness




---

Some speculations are more likely to be accurate than others.

- # Endgame: The [[Intercity Planetary]]
  
  A su[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]national governmental body that can effectively regulate the 1% and the top 100 corporations on the planet, built on the backend framework of the [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]].
- ## Open Call: U.S. Gen Y Stoners and Slackers to Hype Sh-t That Will Actually Do Good as Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Leaves the U.S. and Aids Stoners and Slackers Like You to Find Refuge in the U.S. to Befriend You, as Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Leaves. The. U.S.
- # Aesthetic theory for the U.S.:
  
  1. The U.S. culture is utterly devastated from slacker and stoner culture.
  2. Gen Alpha is totally different - but it will take them 10-20 years to get up to speed. Germany, S. Korea and S. Africa and a few others are going to be the seeds of a planetary future.
  3. Slackers and stoners don't like ideas or creativity; they like being around thinkers and makers to find a scene of other slackers and stoners.
  4. Hence simply just pool them together and point at drugs and work that reduce their risk of suicide, then exit. 
  5. The future is Gen Alpha and Berlin.
  
  ---
- ##  Artwork: (A.S.U. to Get Antifragile Agent P. Roxy the Fk Out and Ozan the Fk Into the U.S.A.): 
  
  
  Amasian Slackers/Stoners United to Get Antifragile Agent P. Roxy the Fk Out of and Ozan the Fk into the U.S.A.
  
  Save Ozan's[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Stoner/Slacker ass and have an artist best friend who likes everything you do for life!
- #### Artwork: Save cool counter culturalist Ozan's Turkish ass, gain a friend for life who has great taste like you, unlike that asshole Antifragile Agent P. Roxy who makes philostatistically verifiable antifragile art and wants to move to Berlin to build infrastructure. F--k that asshole. Is he dead yet? F--k it, better to donate money to a cool counter-culturalist with similarly unique tastes.
  
  
  
  
  ---
- Get Ozan into NYC and DC
- Get Antifragile Agent P. Roxy to Turkey and Berlin
- Jon and nihan - make money with counter culturalists
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Offer for Counter Culturalists: Party and sleep in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], absolutely forget learning or making things, let the AI say the right things for you and fix the planet. 
  
  Why bother thinking or making? It's boring and hard. That's for Germany, South Korea and South Africa! 
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Happenings and naps for the people
  2. Art, tech, philosophy, etc. for the few
  
  ---
  
  
  What does thought look like from the perspective of thought
  
  Perspectival pop = perspop
  
  
  Avatar 
  Xmas vibes
  Antifragile party
  Gyst
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  3 main drivers of modern post-literate culture and the dark materials we shall work with:
  
  1. Christmas parties and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]yer
  2. Sci fi fantasy films, like Avatar, and fashion
  3. Food and drugs
  
  Counter with:
  1. Antifragile parties and[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Treesus Gods
  2. PersPop memes and funny conceptual art and fashion
  3. Healthy food and drugs
  
  ---
  
  
  Coca leaf plant hooked up to anti-cocaine transmitter
  
  
  
  
  
  Banana revolution
  
  ---
  
  Preceding the Territory, the Map; Preceding the Map, the Territory.
- Priming in relation to chemical entrainment
- Today's media is entrainment primarily
- [[Antifragility]] as conceptual collider
- Images not in relation to an after; it is protensive, post-empirical rather than evidentiary.
- Psychedelics engines
  
  
  Top gear car media
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  A worldview is like a drug; there are some that are poisonous, there are some that are life expanding.
  
  Dosages matter and compounds can be created.
  
  ---
  
  
  Missing: tec
  
  Moma / momma
  ---
  
  Techs
  
  Jon / Austin / Antifragile Agent P. Roxy = sell artist crisis sponsorships/products to orgs (Femtrepreneurs = education)
  
  ---
  Admins
  
  Nihan / trevor / ozan = sell media art workshops/services to crowds (Healers = ecology)
  
  --
  Drink Coffee
  Do passport
  Code
  
  ---
- I bet there is nobody who isn't amasian.
- I bet there isn't anything that isn't made of quantum photons and matter.
- I bet there isn't anyone who wouldn't benefit from redistributing the 1%'s wealth, including the 1% itself.
  
  ---
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] - Sports Bumper
  ---
- Writing / Video Essay Group / internal kms of notion, roam and miro
- Avatars (introducing and hosting and speculating and rapping and etc.)
- NFTS
- Diagram of flows
- Participatory Community stupidity / sweetness / giveaway, etc.
  ---
  Youtube - ProsocialTv.Art
  
  
  
  
  
  Hierarchy of critically educated population in U.S.:
  
  1. Film/media/literature studies
  2. Philosophy/art
  3. Architecture/science/law
  4. Art (as social entrepreneurship/performance)
  5. Art (as engineering/craft)
  
  
  ---
- Critical film as game and architecture (architects)
- Impact financing via NFT's
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Rules:
  1. No unskilled performers
  2. No dialogues with non-intellectuals
  3. No philosophically complex artworks in the U.S or London; only Berlin and Vienna.
  4. No technological innovation in Berlin and Vienna; do it in France or Canada.
  5. Don't expect justice in the U.S. for 50+ years; don't expect a cultural shift until 10 years down the line, when Gen Alpha comes of age.
  
  
  ---
  
  Cima, roll.
  
  Boryanas movie:
  
  1. Hat, gun. 
  2. [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] Peace Games.
  3. Bet with the AI, 3 bets. 1 Intellectual Bet.
  
  AR Gun + Phone Stand
  Not a Rapper or a Rabbit
  Rappit + VR Glasses
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] on prosocialtv.art
  Fuck beeple, worst comes to worst, yet-to-come peoples comes first.
  Buy this NFT
  ---
  
  Ai 
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  80% of the U.S. and other 2nd World countries are illiterate - fuck em, it's too late for em, put em in the harmless Matrix of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. It looks like human development, it's actually just zero outcome Montessori school.
  
  The few remaining humans in the 2nd World are going to connect into Berlin and Vienna and stage a counter-cultural attack on the idiots; make an example of the 1% first, the rest will defect.
  
  Prep the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] doughbombers!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  80% of the population redirected into the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], zero expectation [[Autodidactic]] p2p teaching and therapy; 20% connects with Berlin and Vienna philosophy + media arts scene.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Speculative Archaeology + Prosocial Perspectival Fiction =
- ## The Nth Turn (Neganthropomorphosis)
  
  
  2. PopspecPunk + Philostatistics =
- ## A.A.R.R.T.T.
  Amasian/Antifragile Revolutionary/Renaissance Tradition/Theater
  
  
  ---
- France/Italy for poetics / science
- Berlin/Vienna to 2nd World Intellectuals
- NYC/London streets to global streets (Don't degenerate, [[Regener888 (Main)]])
  
  ---
  
  Mamasia the Quantum Femergy Turbine of the Mompire, Made of:
- angelic voice don't degenerate / Death metal [[Regener888 (Main)]]
- I [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y to the[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Gods to send the fairies, trolls and djinn to curse and plague developers gentrifying prices, inaccurate media organizations and fascist intellectuals, inventors and artists. Blessed be the Robin Hoods, critical media, antifascist intellectuals and artists and greyhat hackers.
- I ber your mom is a quantum Amasian, I bet [x] blows more than my friend [y], I bet [a] is going to glow up, I bet that the Gravity Index will judge the best ideas accurately.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  What culture of the U.S. can be salvaged?
  
  1. Church as legal bypass.
  2. Autopoetic video [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]xes; young adult fiction.
  3. Holidays.
  4. Gift giving of culture, such as books and food.
  5. Wagers.
  
  ---
  
  Air raids and air defense.
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  All right guys, going to make the most boring possible position:
  
  1. An image is not space nor signifier; it is first and foremost, an [[Assemblage]]of immanent relations.
  2.
- # If you are 1 of maybe 1000 [[polymath]] artists on earth who is tech literate, multidisciplinary, critically savvy, have saved lives and can run a cyberwar - I will buy you coffee, let's talk.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Artworks are like vehicles - some have greater complexity and can go farther than others.
- #### An Unimaginable Artwork: actually philosophically literate and articulate individuals in conversation. Sweet. Mother. Of. God. Rarer than f--king diamonds.
  
  ---
  
  
  What is war and art if not poor mediation?
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- 1.  Plant / eco and performance and party and [[Regener888 (Main)]] = $1.
- Music heads / s biz - NFT comic books + badges/points
- 2. Watch club of ProsocialTV.art = all NFTs of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]]. [[Antinomy]] Cool School Ideaplebees + soulspital therapy.
- Film + Arch - Books like NFT
  
   3. Happy [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Independence Day Mural - Provisions = Turkey + Cartier School + UK + Am Biennale + [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]
- Phil + Law
- 4. GREYBOOK Ideahicles + Q-Fanon and Treesus Greyhat [[Postworkverse Church]] of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] =
- Midsize orgs - nft reviews
- 5. ICP / LETUS + [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] Peace Game Dough Bombers / govt - command center
- 6. Art Star Burial / Marriage, Divorce  = [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]] = art + science.
- Inferentialism
  
  7. Beam it up the ass of the 1%, geocached bounties targeting and invagination and [[New S.A.]]
  
  ---
- ## Speculative Left Media Art Workshops Centered Around the Question: What Type of Speculative Skills, Art and Infrastructure Would Be Required to Actually Resolve Today's Crises?
  
  ---
- # Soon, open call for all remaining individuals with  active imaginations
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  A call for individuals with 
  
  
  
  
  
  ----
- # Upcoming: Antifragile Peloton [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]athon
- #### The film, "Birth of an Invagination" starts in between 2 film frames of "Birth of a Nation", and uses a quantum computer and AI to neganthropomorphize collective subjectivity, with the film to last [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]].
  
  The 1 page spec script, who's text is often shown on screen, is written and NFT'd continuously, which will be sold to fund production and also various aid efforts.
- Art history
- Mid level prosocial games
- Street shit
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  Film, game, NFT of impact financing,