- 1. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Q-Fanon]] is a strange urban legend and/or individual, or group, in the darkweb Left; they do not have the usual fragilities of typical deskilled, inactive critical Leftist or the typical trial-and-error pure praxis Leftist.  Supposedly, they have a planetary-scale ethical hacking and philostatistical skillset, and are competent at various forms of small arms combat and drug trafficking, similar to the [[7th Swan]].
- 2. Reportedly, they identify as a Non-binary decolonial Amasian, of the Neo-Pangean supercontinent of Amasia. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Individuals/Chongha Peter Lee]] has alluded to Q-Fanon and various ideas and actions associated with them in the [[Inferential Film]], [[Fragilicide.live]]. The various heuristics and negations of fragile or entropic [[inference]]s within the film often overlap, both intentionally and unintentionally. The ideas of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Q-Fanon]] has also influenced various underground popular speculative cultural phenomena, such as [[Regener888 (Main)]] and scenes of the film [[Birth of an Invagination: Until We Are Worth More Than Gold]].
- 3. One of the most influential ideas of Q-Fanon, being implemented by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Individuals/Chongha Peter Lee]] in the [[Indefinite Singularity Speculative Reality Game]] is the idea of [[Speculative Democracy]] and [[Speculative Socialism]] which reorients speculative culture and technologies towards emancipatory ends to build collective consensus.
- 4. Several sources have independently reported that Q-Fanon is in favor of [[Open Source Universal Basic Infrastructure]] and Bernard Stiegler's concept of the [[Neganthropocene]] and using games as social simulation spaces. They have placed various [[Postwork Market]] wagers on it as obvious solutions to today's social crises.
- 5. They are also advocates of utilizing non-lethal cyberwarfare and unmanned sabotage upon the 100 wealthiest families and corporations of the world. In popular culture, this is referred to as the [[Doughbomber]] protocol.