- The concept of Healightenment within the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Praxes/Cool School]] is based on the idea that playing peaceful and collaborative art games can lead to a form of healing and personal development. While solo play may offer some benefits, participating in group sessions facilitated by an art therapist, educator, or consultant can accelerate and deepen the healing process. Ideally, the contracting can be subsidized by local institutions and businesses.
- The ultimate vision of Healightenment is to bring about systemic change through open source means, where institutions and organizations prioritize hiring consultants to improve the emotional and conceptual resilience of individuals. By doing so, the 1% can be regulated, and the society can move towards a post-work future where individuals can gain a broad range of skills and knowledge autonomously.
- In addition, Healightenment seeks to promote the development of automated self-balancing eco-social infrastructure and ethical complexification of the planet. This is seen as a way to foster a more sustainable and equitable society, where resources are distributed fairly and individuals are able to thrive both intellectually and emotionally.
- Rephrase:
	- The [[Healightenment]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Praxes/Cool School]] is based on [[Postworkcraft - The Peace Games]] sessions played around the planet. While players may experience light healing from solo play, if they desire rapid and deep [[Healightenment]], they can request public organizations and local organizations to sponsor the contracting of a reputable art therapist, art educator, or art consultant per circumstance.
	- The vision of the [[Healightenment]] is to regulate the 1% through open source means, steer institutions towards hiring consultants that can boost the emotional antifragility of individuals, along with their perceptual antifragility and conceptual antifragility.
	- The ultimate goal of the [[Healightenment]] is the production of a post-work society, with individuals autodidactically gaining polymath-grade skills, automated self-balancing eco-social infrastructure and ethical complexification of the planet.
- Encrypted Block
	- [[Healightenment]]
- Calls to action:
	- 1. Support [[Neon Madonna]] & [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] his faith, the [[Church of the Superpositional State]] & his sexuality as a [[Quantumsexual]] to spread the [[Healightenment]] composed of [[3. Antifragile Peace Deal & the 100 Year Plan]].
	- 2. Bettor Art: UBE Co-op bets & the New S.A. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Facts/Autodidactic Universe]]: Return of the Intercity Planetary and the #HeadButtTheApocalypse movement with the [[SaintNet]], [[Angelologists]], [[Assayers]], [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]], [[Grey Knights]], [[M.A.G.E.]]'s, the [[M.A.D.E.]]'s and [[Newdle Endgamers]].
	- 3. Until We Are Worth More Than Gold & Marrying the [[Universal Attractor]] in the DMZ.
	- 4. Back From 2122, Writing the [[The Art of Peace]] & [[100 Years of Nonlinear Future History]], the [[Birth of an Invagination: Until We Are Worth More Than Gold]] and [[The Mompire Strikes Back]] for the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] via [[State Space Exhibitions & The Impossible Embassy]]. 
	  
	  Raising funds for the Superpositional Party, 100 Year Plan & Impossible Embassy & Mobile Studio & ICR. PRA, EFI, [[Postwork Capital]], AF Agency, Amasian.co.
	- 5. [[The Amasian Post]], [[Notflix]] and the [[The Least Stupid Presidential Campaign]] to make a [[City on a Chill]] more [[Accurate Collar]] for [[Amasian.co]], based on the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] prototype.
	- 6. Demand less McDonald's Fragileburgers, more Antifragile [[Infoburgers]]! Nail the Most Sus!
	- 7. Here's the roadmap: Shows & Quests
	- 8. Buy Paradigm Thrift MageMade clothing, computers, cartoons, consults, cars, creativity, crazinews! (integrate in)