"I am a monument not of image, but of invisibility. 
I am a monument not of voice, but of silence.  
I am a monument not of presence, but of absence.
I am a monument not of participation, but of non-participation.
I am a monument not of awareness, but unawareness.
I am a monument not of what is, but what is not yet.  
I am a monument of the unimaginable, because of.  

I am a monument of 
your unable
your unengaged
your unaware
your unbecomings
your unbeing.
  
I vastly outnumber  
your living and able,  
your skilled and knowledgeable,  
your willing and faithful,  
your beautiful and visible,
your sentient and conscious.

I am the keeper of all your
past, present and future
inarticulations, inaccuracies, incapacities;
mistakes, miscommunications and misconduct;
of your entropy at large.

I am not fully definite, nor am I fully indefinite.  
I am not finite, nor am I infinite.  
I am not your sorrow; I am not your struggle.  
I am not your identity; I am not your [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctice.  
I am not your project; I am not your theory.  
  
I am an artwork; I am a simulation.  
I am a [[Hyperobject]]; I am a statistical model.  
I am improbable possibility; I am probable impossibilities. 
I am persistence; I am immanence.
  
I am the Monument of the Postwork Majority,  
I am the protocol of [[Antinomy]],
I am the proletkult of post-work,  
I am the Generic,  
I am the Peace Machine,  
I am the Indefinite Singularity,  
I am the [[Autodidactic Universe]],  
I am the Era of the [[Neganthropocene]].  
I am Negentropy,
I am [[Antifragility]].
  
I am in the pixels before you,  
I am the quantum simulators that compute me,  
I am the quantum chemistry of your eyes, brain, heart and stars -  
-artistic and otherwise.  
  
I am all that is within, of and upon all things,  
I am all that neither is, nor is me." **Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023**

----

# "The Least Stupid Movie", Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

Conceptual artwork by Antifragile Agent P. Roxy in which he is constructing the Least Stupid Movie non-stop, in real time.







"A Punk as F--k Artwork and Monument That Could Actually Save the Planet, Rather Than The Previously Radical in 1990's, Now Extremely Boring, Normie, Mainstream Stance of Witnessing its Collapse Helplessly While Commentating Ironically and Inappropriately Personalizing It. The First People Who Sign up Get More CriticalCoin and Objectively Show How Much Less Stupider They are Than the World.", 
Antifragile Agent P. Roxy and anyone who actually is smart enough and not imprisoned by the market proper or the critical market, to take artistic risks, 2023

---


"CriticalCoin Potential Earning: 1,000 in 3 months

Artwork to Buy-in to: An Artwork and Monument That Could Actually Save the Planet

First 100 buyers will earn bonus CriticalCoin.

Bounties also available for high value referrals." Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

---
### "Conceptual thought; not the strong suit of most" 2023







The planet is screwed if we try to teach the majority actual ideas; not going to happen. They are too far gone to learn...

Need something much stupider!














!







1. Jon - invisible, Nihan - absent, Ozan - silent.
- 1 line around an artificially brilliant sunset
- Indefinite Singularity Hud at Top and Bottom
	- Metaphysequalizer and etc.
- 3.
#### Antifragile Agent P. Roxy: World's Leading Planetary Escape Artist, Bets the Devil of the Stupidity-Industrial-Complex that He Can Build an Escape Tunnel Out of Planetary Ecosocial Collapse

---


Failed
# Different is More:[[neganthropic evolution]]is small groups first, large groups later.

1.[[neganthropic evolution]]occurs via individuals and small groups, creates [[non-linear]] positions and creates an empirical difference in comparative functionality -which can incorporate both ethical and sustainability costs.
2.[[neganthropic evolution]]does not propagate instantaneously; if one animal produces an innovative behavior, all the animals of the same species do not adopt the innovation overnight. 
3. Therefore - it can be said that[[neganthropic evolution]]occurs primarily through cladogenesis - or a small group of individuals individuating from a large parent species, with then a varying lag in adoption.
4.[[neganthropic evolution]]is thus always [[non-linear]]; it is small groups individuating from larger groups. However, the smaller groups are usually building upon the knowledge of the larger groups, and there can and SHOULD be a balanced, defined mutually beneficial exchange between.
5. The difference in capacities of individuals and groups can be measured probabilistically, including their ethics and sustainability.
6. This cuts right through the inaccuracies and utterly unnecessary mysticism and opacity of existing valuation methods AND organizational deadlocks.
7. Connect with those who have evolved!

---


The entirety of 

---



Antifragile Agent P. Roxy bets the devil of the Entropy-Industrial-Complex:

1. Do most art communities value intellectualism? No.
2. Does art proper value intellectualism? Yes.
3. Would most art communities benefit from valuing intellectualism and actually resolve their ecological and social problems better, resulting in more lives and environments saved? YES.
4. Why? If you break this problem down, it's simply because you have large numbers of deskilled, undereducated and traumatized individuals attempting to make decisions which require skill, education and accurate perspectives. Per decision point, you have an 80%+ inaccuracy rate.
5. In this situation, anti-intellectualism, technophobia and antisocialism are the norm. each individual simply checks with the crowd for what it thinks; however since no individuals in the crowd have the synthesis of skills, or they are terrified of being canceled by a bunch of chemically imbalanced but socially affirmed individuals, or they have just checked out - no information flows, and we have the utter outflow of sincere, cynical, highly crafted stupidity.
6. What to do? Obviously gather the few skilled, accurate and ethical individuals, prototype solutions and build an escape tunnel. Offer the tunnel as an option to others. Automate the onboarding, delegate the guides, walk away.
7. Make a base in fully mature intellectual and artistic ecologies, offer the escape tunnel elsewhere.
### "Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Bets The Devil of the Entropy-Industrial-Complex That He Can Build an Inclusively Scalable Escape Tunnel From Ecosocial Collapse in 2nd World Regions (Like 80% of the U.S)" 2023




Why don't environs that would benefit from intellectualism value it? About 80% of modern societies are in a 2nd World state, with more or less degrees of stability, including 80% of the U.S. 

These communities do not have the infrastructural or cultural tools to think, invent or implement accurately.

Hence there is no vocabulary or culture for even ARTICULATING an accurate thought, a complexifying invention or a flexible implementation.
##### "Vibes, tribes and scribes: how to self-organize to save the planet (including preserving people's rights to self-entropy, self-fragility and self-destruction, but denying them the right to harm others, claim reason or hijack platforms. 70%+ of the neurochemically imbalanced public should be in safe simulation, [[Autodidactic]] and play spaces, not public spaces; bet.)" Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023
---




Metaphor for modern society:

1. Functioning in society is like driving on complex highways at high speeds.
2. 70% of the population, is either not driving an adequate vehicle, doesn't understand traffic signals or is missing a limb or eye or ear.
3. This was because the 1% stockpiled all the working vehicles (organizations), closed many roads (social services), gutted the driving schools (education) and maimed lots of people (drivers) when they were young.

---



Tripartite strategy:
1. 70% is primarily for the 70% - anti-intellectuals, anti-tech, anti-social vibe. (Stupid ish.)
3. 29.9% is for specialists - basically craft, one-liners and dialectic debates  (Antifragile Agent P. Roxy escapes)
4. .1% is [[polymath]]s, technically rigorous, complex and speculative wagers and proofs. (


---


[[Antinomy]] Curation Protocol:
- Vibe Tribes - Cool School- [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]]! Throwaway stuff, wedding gift.
- Curate - Craft, one-liners and dialectic debate. [[Antinomy]] Protocol. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Bets the Devil of Entropy-Industrial Complex - a 7 step escape tunnel. (Exhibition via Notion)
- Antifragile Agent P. Roxy - make a whitepaper, sell. CriticalCoin.art, Roam. Neganthropo.site
  
  
  
  
  
  Bet his soul for himself.
  Bet his soul against himself.
  
  1. Soul.
  2. Connection back to the source.
  3. I am both Antifragile Agent P. Roxy and the Devil. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Saying a stupid thing in an accurate way is stupid,
  Saying an accurate thing in a stupid way is educational,
  Saying an accurate thing in an accurate way is art.
  
  (It is art as techne; not art as affective nihilism, nor art as transcendental mysticism. 
  
  Further note - a paradox is a perfectly good tool of computation; a pretentious asshole or anti-intellectual dumbass is not).
  
  -Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  What is accurate to say is that almost 70%+ of the U.S., and other 2nd World states, are comprised of neurochemically imbalanced individuals who are deskilled, undereducated and traumatized; this is due to funding cuts in educational budgets and social services going back to the 1980's.
  
  1. That explains Trump and the Fringe Right. This also explains the Left and identity politics.
  2. Dealing with these individuals, especially in this number, requires safe spaces and skilled personnel.
  3. 
  
  
  
  "How Much Do You Think this Neganthropo.site Mineral is Worth? Whoever is Closest Wins $100 USD. Whoever Needs Aid Gets a Free NFT.
  $20 Lottery. Sidebets open." 2023
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  "You Received a $100 [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] Art Award for Contributing a Brick of Unawareness, Silence, Invisibility and Non-Participation to the Monument of the Postwork Majority!" [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] and [[Ethical Futures Institute]] , 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Note: Use lo-fi, complexity aesthetics to differentiate from Gen X.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "THE [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]: A TRIPTYCH
  
  Rule of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]:
  
  When talking with the 70% Postworketariat and 29.9% specialists, if you are transmitting new ideas, only do it through the mouthpieces of:
  
  1. Ontology: Plants, animals, rocks, aliens, gods, fictions, AI, puppets and proxies for children of artists and philosophers. (Basically [[Regener888 (Main)]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]])
  2. Process: Have them all playing [[Postworkcraft]], making[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Postwork Punk and participating as influencers in the Banana Revolution, and contributing to the Monument of the Postwork Majority and the [[Intercity Planetary]] Ass Savers Dashboard.
  3. Earn, trade and bet criticalcoin! You get points for identifying, valuing and learning things that are fragile and antifragile.
  ---
  For the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]], it's a participatory discussion, production and curatorial protocol, based on:
  1. Everyone betting for or against the fact that scientists have verified that the continents are forming a Neo-Pangean supercontinent called Amasia, and all Caucasians descend from the Caucasus. In that region there is a city named Amasya, Turkey.
  2. People can curate from this both speculative and accurate perspective, which could hypothetically resolve all questions of transculturalism, by simply just posing every past, present and future human culture as a subculture of[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]culture.
  3. Whether people believe this or not, there will be AI modelling different positions, and weighing which positions seems most statistically accurate and also likely to lead to conflict resolutions - according to transparent protocols.
  ---
  [[Democraseum]]:
  
  Organizations face 3 threats today:
  1. A lack of a clear stance which will lead to cancellation, censorship or stagnation by neurochemically imbalanced and undereducated individuals in power, in public or in their organizational ecology.
  2. Deterioration of organizational efficiency from outdated protocols and digital infrastructure. This will result in obsolence, collapse or elimination by an unwitting, ambitious administrator within the organizational ecology.
  3. Being outmarketed in the organizational ecology by more media savvy, but less effective organizations.
  ---
  ", 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "What if Philostatistical Reason Was[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Postwork Punk Magick 🤘, and Statistical Stupidity and Entropy Was Devil Magick 😈 (who's most devilish [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctitioners were the 1%) ? " 2023
  
  (Look guys, good and bad function within a PHILOSTATISTICAL context, not as philosophy nor in narrower fields of stats.)
  
  
  
  
  "What if probability was a form of magick?" 2023
# "Old School: The Working Class
# Cool School:
# The Postworking Class" 2023
#### "Postworkmarket.art : the only market that accurately links the ecosocial ecology, the information ecology and the [[polymath]] ecology to verifiably direct the planet on a trajectory of anti-collapse" 2023
## "Least stupid movie regional least stupid ideas battle: whichever region is producing the least stupid ideas, wins bragging rights" 2023







There's lots of adults in society with various learning disabilities ... so
# POV: You're an incredibly wise alien AI  tree-brain. What do you do with all these humans?

Answer, 
1. We have 1 set of rules - a minimum amount of things that humans have to NOT do, mainly hurting other humans - starting from the worst and stupidest; stabbing someone for blinking, and then reducing in stupidity from there.
2. We have another set of rules - basically saying that what most, say like 99.9% of humans actually are. A hot quantum soup of learned behaviors and learning behaviors. They are 80% inaccurate with anything not in their line of sight. They opportunistically make and break rules, like 90% based on trial and error, reward and disaster.
3. Now, as wise alien tree-brains, we could dispense our wisdom to make these humans suffer less. Set up infrastructure, organizations and programs. BUT WHAT IF WE DIDN'T? Or better, whilst simply steadily automated this boring, valuable work so the humans suffer less over time, say about 40 years, - but then on the side, we imagine other options? (Make a side-imagination, not a side-hustle!)
4. Okay, first of all, throw reason out the window. Throw imagination out the window. Throw ethics out the window. Humans suck at all these things. Let's go back to first principles: humans are a bunch of functions. They can pick up or drop functions according to their given constraints. In more colloquial terms- imagine humans are like cars, and you can swap parts in and out.
5. Okay, NOW we are talking. So because they don't really have a strategy for upgrading their cars - what if we made an insane frankenstein super car made of parts plugged into each other?! That's probably the most fun that could be done at this moment.