1. [[Democraseum]]

- Blockchain
- Ozan
  
  2. Where is the Postwork Party Love? Cool School
- Road trip to the center of the Universe
- Least Stupidity Escape Room Game
  
  3. Least Stupid Movie :
- Most Stupid Sh-t
- Least Stupid Squad : Squiddartha & Mathgoose, postwork TV anchors by day,[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Rebel Alliance revolutionaries by night.
  
  
  4. [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]
- Birth of an Invagination: Until
- Peter's bet with the devil
  
  5. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]
- [[Regener888 (Main)]]
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  There are many things (99.9% of subjectivity) that are better [[Autodidactic]]ally imagined, discovered and understood by an individual themselves; objective reality comprised of physical systems, is not this!
  
  It's very much a total waste of art to expend all of it on the subjective; it's also near impossible to accurately produce functional physical systems without understanding subjectivity. 
  
  (Which is where the nerdy specialist single function stereotype comes from; without literacy of subjectivity, you have fragile scientists. Without literacy of systems, you have extremely dull artists).
#### "Psychologically underdeveloped scientist = specialist; technically deskilled artist = boring!" 2023

---
## "They're Not Bad Individuals; They're Just Objectively Not the Least Stupid Intellectuals and Artists" 2023


---




"A List of Corporations, Banks and Firms It's Okay to Rob Which Earns You Critical Coins, and Also a List of Totally Wack Artists and Media Figures to Destroy" 2023

---
- Automate CozyCore
- Shitty hand drawings 
  
  ---
  
  
  5th Wave Aesthetics:
  
  1. In 5th Wave Aesthetics, humans are conceived of as components within non-da
  ----
  
  
  
  
  ---
### [[Neganthropology]] + EdTech
- Talk about units of information, sequence and chemical affects. About what you don't know.
- Make a model for curriculums. COZYCORE EVERYTHING.
  
  ---
##### [[Democraseum]]
- Blockchain stuff - persistence layer
- AI for statistical review.
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y for the Passive listeners of the Indefinite Singularity AI to guide the players of [[Postworkcraft]] in the Least Stupid Movie for with great vengeance, to strike down the 1%, regulate them, and redistribute their wealth as reparations for 500 years of war crimes.
  
  ---
###### The Least Stupid Movie peace game with D.A.R.T.S.:
- A planetary peace game where you can shoot a foam Nerf Dart at Peter or the 1%, or their top 100 corporations and various minions either physically or via virtual Ideavatar.
- On the dart, you can write or attach a link to what you think is the best idea on it to take down, regulate and redistribute the resources of the alien demons known on a parallel Earth as the 1%, at either Peter or the 1% and their 100 corporations and various minions,
- Bounties and awards and achievements based on [[Democraseum]] Blockchainset by the Least Stupid Squad. MATHGOOSE AND SQUIDDARTHA AND [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]].
- Work with the prisoners and etc.
  
  ---
  
  Photoreal + total shat
  
  ---
##### Why Cozycore Form But Least Stupid Content? (Give up the surface, defend the concepts)

1. Because the human development and perception of most modern populations have been stunted by neoliberalism.
2. Hence, visual signs that can carry meaning across peoples are few and far between; we give up the surface, we never compromise the concept.
3. Then we inject accurate, critical, humanizing content in there so we all don't devolve into sludge!
---

Absurdly, AI, if you can code ... is much better for systematic, high value cognitive labor. 

I have no idea why the technological imagination is so constrained.

---






Skills to look for:

1. Thieves
2. Liars
3. Killers
---





If we had a 









[[Postworkcraft]] Game

POV: you are suddenly the most skilled Leftist on Earth. What target do you hit first?

---

1. Run for President
2. Try to win the bounties.
3. Cozycore aesthetics.
---
- Artists, scientists, engineers, entrepreneurs.
- Kids, prisoners, etc.
- learn, shroom and play, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y in postwork church
  
  ---
- Esta tells me I must go for the bounties
- and run for president
- and work with the marginalized
- Postwork Party Church
- learn, shroom and play, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y in the postwork church.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Split diagrammatic info
  2. From affective.
  ---
  
  1. Group together all the underdeveloped artists and folk.
  
  ---
  
  
  Biggest gap in society: the thinks and the think-nots.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Teaching is boring and low pay-off - better to just break markets!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  The capacity for thought and making has been concentrated into a few; it obviously ripples out to the many eventually - might as well just work at the epicenter.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Those without skill or knowledge should simply be encouraged to maintain happiness; forget the prior.
  
  ---
# "Clear Split: The Knows vs. Know-Nots" 2023

No obligation to alleviate the latter; better off just giving rights to AI.
## "Defining Split of 5th Generation Subjectivity: The Knows and the Know-Nots" 2023

It's not capital; markets are purely just informational systems. Markets chase knowledge, skill and invention, not the other way around.

Also, unfortunately, inclusively scalable justice requires knowledge, skill and invention.

The 4th Generation is over.
## Difference Between Artists/Inventors and Creatives/Crafters (The Knows Vs. Know-Nots):

1. Artists and inventors produce inclusively scalable infrastructure from regional scale to planetary scale. They are autonomous productive entities which produce paradigm shifts. This requires a totally different culture than the creatives/crafters, and will always be in conflict with their values.

2. Creatives and crafters are people who have a smaller set of skills and literacies and are content to attach on to whatever paradigm is circulating amongst their peers. It's small business culture + small tasks. No extended vision and no self-awareness. It's fine, as long as they are quarantined in the small business ecology!
---
#### "Marshall Mcluhan's Unforeseen Nightmare: Living in a Global Village of Utter Pre-social Fragility, Sliding Comfortably Towards Collapse on the Backs of Cat Memes, Anti-intellectualism, Technophobia, and Unprecedentedly Boring Self-Flagellating Gestures of Disavowal Using the Very Tools That Could Prevent Collapse" 2023
---







[[Democraseum]]:

Institutions
Advisors
Galleries
Investors
Media

---




The [[Democraseum]]:

A f


---
## Some are More Complex and Capable Than Others - but Not Superior.

In subsidized education systems, individuals will self-select to become craftspeople, or autodidacts pursuing more complex endeavors. 

This suggests that some human bodies, for whatever reason, are content to forgo the intake, ontologization and bifurcation of novel and more complex systems. In evolution, we see that not all members of a species adopt novel complexifications, even if they demonstrably offer more capacities and affordances.

In addition, the information layer of the planet, now integrating autonomous agents, has its own dynamic balancing mechanisms, similar to weather patterns.

We could posit an approach to humanity where we simply just separate it into layers of complexity, like in geology, where there are multiple layers of striations. 

Obviously, this doesn't mean homogenization or erasure; we simply state the obvious. A plant is a more complex system than an a rock; a human more complex than a plant; a [[polymath]] more complex than a human in a coma.

Again, this doesn't demand a homogenization of everyone into [[polymath]]s nor confer a hierarchy - just marks differences in capacity. A plant can't walk; a human can.
## The Directionality of Knowledge vs. The Directionality of Reparations

Knowledge is not designed to distribute to those who are not [[Autodidactic]] - only to those who are. People who will benefit from and use knowledge don't need education.

Reparations are designed to distribute downwards, particularly to non-autodidacts, people who will not benefit from education.

---
#### "Most Modern Humans are Below the Threshhold of Antifragile Participation in Democracy Due to Neoliberal Trauma; They Need Reparations and Safe Spaces, Not Collaboration and Public Spaces.
#### Remove Them From Production, Have Postwork Automation Assist and Aid Them." 2023

---
### "Wager: Capacity-based Social Change in 2023 Will Be More Effective and Prevent More Deaths Than Top-Down or Grass Roots Paradigms of Social Change" Chongha Peter Lee vs. AI Simulators 2023
---






"Disabilities and Neuroqueer Issues are Accurately Interpreted in a Paradigm of Comparative Capacity, Function and Complexity, Requiring Statistical Tools, Not of Semiotics, which are Generation 1, 2 and 3 Paradigms." 2023


---






"Send the Presocial to Maker Spaces, Community Centers, Libraries and Boxing Gyms; Not to Art Spaces and Public Spaces" 2023

---

"Produce an Incentivization, Investment and Infamy System for [[polymath]]s and Skilled, Ethical Youth" 2023

---




"Giving a Presocial Individual a Platform is Like Giving a Child a Gun. Why?" 2023
---


Creator
User
3rd Party mimesis.mimosas.


Peter - Capacity measuring.


---
##### "Wager: 40 to 100 Years From Now, Human Populations Will Evolve More [[polymath]]s Than Not From Natural Causes. It Will Be Proven That 1980-2020 Was an Unnecessary Period of Artificial Stupidity, Induced by Neoliberalism." 
Chongha Peter Lee Vs. Scholars and AI Simulators, 2023

We should be talking about Artificial Stupidity, not Artificial Intelligence!










---
##### Big difference between 4th Gen and 5th Gen Theory - small group capacity has utterly transformed:

1. In 4th Gen, the capacity for a small group of individuals to rapidly transform planetary infrastructure didn't exist (even as close in time as 2015).
2. In 5th Gen, the capacity for a small group of humans to affect the entire planet DOES exist, hence the chokepoint is in the individuals' capacity to wield the tools, not in building the tools.
##### "5th Generation Art Claim and Wager: 5th Gen Art is Statistically Verifiable to Have Higher Cultural and Exchange Value Than Prior Generations of Art Based on Their Higher Use Value" 2023
---




"Humans suck at accurate, repetitive, complex labor; they are naturally great at play, random deconstruction and poetry.

Hence, we can simultaneously value the rarity of the former and appreciate the beauty of the commonality of the latter" 2023

----
#### "Humans are Physiologically Designed as Bodily Movement and Chemistry First, Conceptual Abstraction Second" 2023

It's quite easy to then value the rarity of the latter (conceptual abstraction) while respecting and organizing around the former; in fact, you have a 100% chance of inducing more thought in humans if designing for the body!











"Humans are Body-First, Concepts Second; Everything Follows Naturally From This, Problems and Solutions, Especially a Postwork Society" 2023










































---

Conceptual thought is rare amongst artists, rarer amongst people in general.

---





Another epic video essay **([[Postworkcraft]])** in the can. This one connects painting, conceptual art, film, theory, games, memes, political performance, performance art, social [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]ctice, religion, AI and blockchain into a totally balanced work.

Literally like 3 years worth of aesthetic research, sums up the entire post-pandemic situation, Humanities and Sciences, problems and solutions, pretty much all my best conceptual and visual tricks stuffed into a single work. That's the end of that type of work for me!

---








Humans are quantum chemical editing machines of possibilities.









Time to build the [[Postworkverse Church]]!

Hilariously, the answer to ecosocial problems is phenomenology and transmedia.



---
## "[[Antinomy]] = The Young British Artists but Less Stupid + More Postwork Punk!
## A.K.A. THE Y.A.A. = THE YOUNG[[0. Personal/Peter Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]ARTISTS" 2023

---



A.r. gun game with D.A.R.T.S. an d best ideas



---


Express server confined to 1 type of function

Calculation

Thread manager

1 shots

Code supervisor
- find and replace procedures across files
- export in front of function
- Parser functions in a single .js library.
- Export in front of function.
  
  Graphical index
  ---
  
  
  1. Separate Onto Tasks
  2. From Middle Chains - test this automation.
  
  
  
  ---
- Rarity of nutritious info (academics)
- Extreme value = nutrition label (Notion Potions)
- Free for kids, paid by small-midsize biz = sponsoring NFTs and also degentrification tech
- libraries and universities and etc. Distribute = Presocial friendly
- Costco of content = [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]]
  
  ---
- Presistance
- dancing with Maya deren
- Sending with W9
- artist makes a secret
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- News
- deep fake tik toks
- fake twitter
- statistical review
- kids media
- studies show
- games
  
  
  ---
- QR link to the show
- Sit around and drink
  
  ---
# "THE DANCEDEMIC" 2023


---


Video Hito Steyerl and Edgar Endress

---
## "Capacity-based Social Transformations" Chongha Peter Lee, 2023

Humans are physiologically designed to manipulate physical objects in their line of sight. Very few humans in general are accurate intellectuals and inventors. 

The majority of living artists are not Intellectuals or inventors; they are basically human-sized squirrels, who's attention is drawn by whatever flits across their vision.

In the future, with better media, we can have more human [[polymath]]s. Until then, we have lots of human squirrels.

---





Democracy boils down to an information system connecting:

1. Physical system state A, which is stupid.
 to
2. physical system state B, which is least stupid, which statistically, is closest to postwork.

Now, notice how the very conditions of system state A, which is composed by the stupidity of its parts, will preclude the possibility of its parts from knowing how to get to system state B.

This is why art is great - because it allows stupid parts to probabilistically simulate how to get from stupid system state A to least stupid system state B without prior knowledge.

---



"My Bounty Hunter AI Gently Weeps to Destroy the 1%" Squiddartha and Mathgoose, 2023

The Left is composed of inefficiencies and some embezzling

The Right is composed of inaccurate syntheses of information and less acculturation

**The 1% is composed of enemies of everyone on the planet, including non-humans, such as bounty-hunting AI, who should be hunting them like dogs, via drone swarms. Why are they still alive?**







The Left is some inefficiencies and embezzling; the Right is inaccurate syntheses and underacculturation.

The 1% are at each others' throats constantly, and they are the enemy of everyone on the planet, including correctly constructed AI.

Why not just skip this trivial squabbling and unite around the simple goal of just destroying them?

We are 40 to 100 years away from humans gaining the capacity to fix the planet's infrastructure; time is out on the clock, the only chance we have is to go straight for the win.


---



"Wager: at some point, people are just going to fly kamikaze drones into the propellers of planes carrying the 1%" Mathgoose and Squiddartha, 2023


"AI Simulators Producing Fake News on Plausible Methods of Destroying the 1%" 2023

---




The worst of the Left is inefficiencies and embezzlement; the worst of the Right is inaccuracy and underacculturation. On both sides, there's some killing and black market action. Big surprise.

These are such small missteps in comparison to the atrocities of the 1%; for some reason this is unimaginable to the populace... maybe should just use the most direct means to mediate this.

---



If we start from the obvious fact that humans are simply stupid locomotion machines first, generators of abstract complexity second- then:

1. We can easily explain the rate of 70% failure of the education system and physiologically justify why we need postwork societies - because our current ones are way too stupid.
2. We can make art awards for anyone who can make statistically verifiable solutions and postwork infrastructure to stop the 1% from destroying the planet, both the Left and the Right - which solves the solidarity and political problems.
3. We can clearly define [[polymath]] art as the most valuable art due to its rarity and use value.





AF Agency > PostworkTV.Art > Subversions

---

Okay cool, yeah so I'm going to start a non-mandatory art award for anyone, either Left or Right or AI or fictional character who is screwed over by the 1%, that can stop the 1% from screwing the entire planet and also anyone Left or Right or AI that makes postwork infrastructure.
So non-mandatory Least Stupid / Best Ideas Art Award for anyone, either Left or Right or AI or fictional character who is screwed over by the 1%, that can stop the 1% from screwing the entire planet and also anyone Left or Right or AI that makes postwork infrastructure, which includes good vibes, good dates and good learn-in protests.

1. Postworking Class Art Award
2. Left/Right, AI/Fiction, screwed by 1%
3. Stop the 1% or make postwork infrastructure
4. [[Autodidactic]]ism / dating show
5. Real Orgs > Fiction > Real People and systems

3 Tiers:
- Destroy the 1% by pitting them against each other and disorganizing their internals.
- Produce more antifragile mid-tier meshworks and automated postwork infrastructure.
- Incentivize chemically imbalanced individuals to sabotage the 1% with no blowback.
  
  In the process of correcting the planetary error that is the 1%, everyone learns postwork skills anyways.
  
  ---
  
  
  **[[Postwork Theology]] ([[Postworkverse Church]])**, aka [[2- Notes/K. 6th Level Logics/Healightenment]] Now!
  **[[Postwork Theology]] ([[Postworkverse Church]]), a 5th Generation Theology**
  
  1. Human brains are physiologically designed for locomotion, not for computing systems of abstractions.
  2. Education systems fail 70% of the population because of this; this translates into almost 80-90% of the population being excluded from the benefits of capitalism (nor do most of them, or the ones in the 10-20%, want to live as full-time workers).
  3. The solution is automation of postwork infrastructure, and solidarity across Left, Right, AI, non-humans and fiction of both negating the 1% and building postwork infrastructure.
  3. The solution is automation of postwork infrastructure, and incentivization using bounties and awards across Left, Right, AI, non-humans and fiction of both negating the 1% and building postwork infrastructure.
  4. In the process of correcting the planetary error that is the 1%, everyone learns postwork skills anyways. Also in about 40-100 years, the planet will auto-balance anyways.
  5. The stakes is the amount of people and things that die in the 40-100 years it will take for the planet to correct, if we do nothing. Higher scale actions and claims can be statistically reviewed by independent and professional scholars and AI, with relation to accuracy and inferential distance in light of quantum computing. 
  6. We can split the action into 3 tiers:
- Destroy the 1% by pitting them against each other and disorganizing their internals. (.1% of the population who are [[polymath]]s).
- Produce more antifragile mid-tier meshworks and automated postwork infrastructure. (15% of the population who are professionals).
- Incentivize chemically imbalanced individuals to sabotage the 1% with no blowback. (85% of the population who are presocial, chemically imbalanced.)
  7. In this context of an accurately defined post-pandemic planetary perspective, we can value [[polymath]]-grade invention and intellectualism in terms of its rarity and use value in regulating the 1% and building postwork infrastructure; thus aligning the highest capacities on the planet with the planet's best interests, (rather than paying them to make a bunch of weapons or stupid consumer tech, which is the story of the 20th Century up to 2020).
  8. Everyone is of the [[Amasian Peoples]], past, present and possible; if your mom or your child is not Amasian, you win a $10,000 Art Award.
  9. Actually resisting the 1% requires a [[polymath]] literacy and understanding of warfare; phenomenology through teaching toys and critical games is the most critical first step for proper [[Autodidactic]]ism.
  10. The planet occupies a state best described by 5th Generation revolutionary theory in which the planet is defined by systemic fragility created by neoliberalism and high availability of planetary technology.
  
  Wager: we have a low distribution of literacy of planetary warfare, which provides the skillset to actually resist the 1%.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The presocial don't have the competencies to operate in professional environments. How about just put them in mutual aid networks?
  
  
  
  
  
  
  What can you do with deconstructionists (85% of the planet)?
  
  1. Deconstruct systems
  2. Deconstruct relations
  3. Deconstruct materials
  
  Never ask for production, collaboration or synthesis.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  How to upcycle stupidity:
  
  1. Both the Left and the Right are too stupid to produce effective solutions; hence solutions are rare.
  2. The majority of these people have a mental age and a culture of 17 year olds.
  3. Most are aware they are stupid; we can couple their desire to differentiate themselves from their stupid peers with art objects and Critical Coin.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Most of the world is stupid.
  2. How do you show that you are not stupid?
  3. You bought the Least Stupid Art from the Least Stupid Artists before everyone else.