In the [[Non-binary Korean]] horror movie, the Fragility, people split into 2 populations:

1. Non-[[polymath]] adults and children: they take a bunch of shrooms, dmt, weed and make a horror movie and art about their fragilities and all of the world's systems that only Alan Turing like [[polymath]]s could possibly fix. [[polymath]] adults and children: they set bounties for ethical hacking to save the planet, correct every single existing market and pay people for producing antifragile democracies.

- ideapple bees pie.
- 3. Split into monstrous tribes.
- all open via rap call
- Attends wedding.
- Makes deals with the Tribes. 
  4. [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] is the Quantum AI best self bff of everyone on the planet, and is an exact minimal depiction of the antifragilities every citizen should be capable of in order to keep the planet from collapsing in 10 years and storing 12,000 children from dying of preventable poverty per day. Exorcism. Rebalances towards negentropy. Gets beat up by feminists, spits out philostatistical accuracies.
- proof of OSE.
- Use all the existing footage.
- [[2- Notes/K. 6th Level Logics/Healightenment]].
  5. The movie is shot by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , using the [[Turbojustice]] Quantum AI algorithms.
  6. The movie is part of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], shown at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].
  7. A.r.T., a.r.t., art. Sold on the fair share fair.
  8. Why not an Accurate deal?
  9. [[Democraseum]], Amasiacoin ,INF. Ose. Hack, question, withdraw.
## 3 types of artists:
- Think outside a small box
- Think outside a large box
- Think and invent a new verifiable geometrical system and manufacturing pipeline that can solve the planet's ecosocial crises.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Fragility = 
  Low accuracy at gauging unknown and uncertain risk/opportunity, 
  low capacity to mitigate damage/adopt complexity"
  
  [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], the Philosobomber of the 
  F-35 Times Better Than Whatever, built by D.E.R.P.A. and [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]]
  
  2022
  
  
  ----
  
  Austin:
  
  Taking a bit longer, but it can work concurrently.
  
  ---
  
  
  Capital to 
  
  ---
- Podcast set in Limbo, everyone may or may not be an undead monster, it may or may not be after the end of the world. There's aliens who are trying to tell us things in a language of accuracy to save us, but very few can interpret it accurately. Misinterpretations may lead to greater entropy. [[Regener888 (Main)]].
- [[Democraseum]], travelling rapper PhD MC.
- Hacker, Jedi.
  
  ---
  
  
  [[Until We Are Worth More Than Gold (Main)]] sub-plot:
  
  Less than a hundred millenials scattered across the planet, who had survived the heaviest bombardments of World War Fragility from 2016 emergency quantum bioinferential CRISPR injected superpositional serums, which induced several adjacent possible mutations.
  
  They have coalesced into a functional [[Intercity Planetary]] distributed network, in and out of institutions, forming the [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]], set to reconvene in the beginning of 2023. 
  
  They form a decolonial heist team to steal back the antifragile superpositional heart of the [[Intercity Planetary]], which had been surgically reshaped in the 15th Century through law, religious doctrine and media warfare.
  
  
  ---
  
  Inversion of value with blockchain.
  
  ---
## The [[Democraseum]]: The Silent Superpositional Majority and the Antifragile Minority; with 5 generational tiers of tech, media, ethics and self organizational skills and literacies as artist or audience.

5G democracy

8 - language and religion
7 - proofs and credits
6 - Deals and bets
---

5G - Antifragile Agent P. Roxy
4G - New Centre
3G - EGS
2G - Jon and Selma
1G - Ozan and Austin

Triangle of sadness
### 99.9% have audience literacies; not creative literacies. Not good or bad, is what it is.
### The right individual has high odds to create an antifragile architecture for a collective; a fragile collective will have low odds of creating antifragile architectures for both antifragile and fragile individuals.
# Upcoming: Proletkult Protocols via Video - aka the Asssavers.art Tik Tok Superpositional Socialism of the [[Democraseum]], [[New S.A.]], Amasia, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
# Upcoming: The Beautiful Revolution
# AttractorCraft - [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]. Travels to future system state that is in the adjacent possibility
ONTO: adjacent possibility and stats are in flat time, 1 jump away
EPISTEMOLOGY: info and bets and attention, human and otherwise makes higher odds.
- biosemiomimesis
- Manhattan project of biosemiomimesis
- Encountering other semiotics via nature ; inherently creates a perspectivist intersubjective encounter
- Like mushrooms and mycelium
- Does all the work of perspectivism
- Lichenologist - vectors nodes
- [[Assemblage]]in action - transmediation. NEGANTHROPOGENESIS. vs. Entropic spirals.
- Intersubjective encounter in human and Nonhuman feedback systems.
- Constant ontological invagination is the process of becoming and the steady state of negentropy.
- Labor is [[non-linear]]ly informational first, physical experimentation second.
- Mathematical formalization
- Deterritorialization and territorialization. More knobs = more options. Ethics = knob production, max metaphysequality or [[Antifragility]]. (Those are different presets per problem space.)
- [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] has pre built ethics into his HUD. And his mission is to engineet more knobs of metaphysequality to max out [[Antifragility]].
- He is prophesied to go into future system states and articulate possibilities and tweak them by laying bets.
- Roam depot - chat gpt3
  
  ---
  
  
  [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]]:
- Myth/religion + Complexity Science Fiction via Attractorcraft.
- Q.i.s + QAI + Blockchain Bets. Video + dialogue + food, fashion, HUD diagrams of the Beautiful Revolution.
- Quantum Machine intaking and emitting incomputable [[Adjacent Possibilities]] into the CMB
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  How to differentiate between famous artists and actual, infamous artists:
  
  1. Infamous artists are accurate, antifragile, have testable [[Autodidactic]] skills and have fucked up institutions and won.
  2. Famous artists are fragile, inaccurate, bend over for institutions and will lose forever for the paycheck.
### Captain Doctor Amasia: can time travel/cast magic healing ass saving spells via media, for a fair price, or fair or funny enough non-monetary exchange and if it blows up, we go splitskies.


---
- Make rakhia and bless shrooms for views and as gifts
- Fashion and theory - the Beautiful Revolution
### Upcoming: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] - Who is Actually the New Nikola Tesla? (If you're the real new Nikola Tesla, now would be a good time to please stand up, prove it, and save the planet, thank ya sir! Come one and come all!)






---





[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] - The 2-sided peace game:
1. Musical bets: Tools of critique and culture for non-intellectuals and non-inventors (for 99.9% of the population, at a fair price)
2. Visual art pranks and hacking: Synthesis and jokes for intellectuals and inventors (for like 10,000 or less individuals)
# Germany! Only place on Earth that pays for intellectualism, democracy and tech! SEE YA!







Excerpt from Punk Song / magic spell sent back from the future through [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], called "[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]":

"The youth are inaccurate and fragile; the elderly are inaccurate and antifragile.

The 99.9% would rather die than learn; I would rather die than talk with non-intellectuals, but I will aid them to prevent death by fragility, while critiquing it accurately and humorously, like through a fictional excerpt of a Punk song / magic spell sent back from the future, called [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] ""











"Split the millenials into:
Those who can save the planet
And those who can't. " 2022






The Beautiful Revolution: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] Punk song 🎵 :

Fund the fragile, inaccurate youth = world dies
Fund the antifragile, inaccurate elders = world dies

Fund the new Nikola Tesla and Spalightenment therapy programs for the inaccurate at [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]].com = world lives
- By @badmusicgoodart
  ---
  
  
  Amasian tschotskes
- Michano
- Plate
- Cool black and gold
- Straight fuck it
- Paint and sell all badass photos via AI
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Send liquor and cake and shirts
- Antifragile Agent P. Roxy handles phone bill in full.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Punk song / magic spell 🎶 :
  
  What the f--k would Nikola Tesla do today?
  
  Automate populism, exit the U.S. ASAP, hack and destroy high visibility figures and fix the planetary infrastructure. 
  
  Not make fragile art for fragile audiences; he would simply just make an AI and XR system to stick fragile humans into a therapy game.
  
  ---
  
  
  Back end (berlin, grants)
- ai
- Xr
- crypto
  Middle End (film and music)
- film
- Music
- Games
  Front End (1 shot fashion and food)
- School
- Fashion
- Text
  
  ---
## 10 Years of Superpositional Solitu~~~~de
A 21st Century decolonial[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]family magical realist drama, unfolding in real time for the next decade.
~~~~