- Check out the code for mongo db.
- Do stuff for [[Antinomy]].
- Noir. Statue of Liberty Sculpture Kickstarter. Notion - [[Fragilicide.live]]. Cool School of Art of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] -Aggregator and Simulator and [[Regener888 (Main)]] Rapid Prototyping as underground - interpassive and proxy. Least Stupid Most Antifragile NFT's of theory - also nft the difference in value Phd - [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] speculative sports of bets on real systems using Philosostats. Bet the AI would drop their value and axe the administrator and open them up for bounties and prizes.
- Non-dual duel for [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] with Keanu - via SU film; [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] expedition with Tom Cruise.
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] 1000 Plates for wives & Moms.
  ---
- [[Antinomy]] invites first
- Boryana's website
- Biodiversity App
- More and more
  
  
  
  [[Antinomy]] Wedding Vows - Bounties $1 in of currency, lottery to win an artwork.
  
  
  
  
  
  "Degentrification and Landback Bounties and Art Awards, MoA.S.S. and Decolonial Capital Bounties and Art Awards, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Bounties and Art Awards, Least Stupid Most Antifragile NFT's Bounties and Art Awards, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] and Betterideas.art Bounties and Art Awards" 2022
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  2 audiences:
  1. One that already can do philosophy and statistics. Few and far between.
  2. 
  
  
  
  
  ---
- Return the HD
- Return clothes - $20
- Return Shoes - $40
- Mail in HD - $140
- Get Austin - $250
  
  
  ---
- Get ORBA 2 from guitar center, cash
- Get SD Card from microcenter
  
  ----
- Send the Invites
- Do the Wedding
- Do some coding
- DO the UX
- Check files
- Pack
- Coffee with Inda
  
  ---
- Fill out the invite
- Start the file recovery of the other drive
- Do the returns on Friday
- look into bright data - 2pm friday
  ---
- ask ozan for date
  
  
  ---
- Diagram and video for brightdata
- Contact for cima.edu
  ---
  
  Script the corteva
  Script rs
  
  ---
- Diagram presentation
- Sim card call
- Send invites
	- Wedding Vows (Synthesis & limits) - 25 years, use the not prohibited clause, simulator and philostatistical heuristics.
		- Church / Ongoing wedding, verifiable via philo-statistical protocols of star-eye-heart system.
		- Cool School / Superpositional Dream Clause via AI & simulator / 1000 Plates & Cups of Coffee
		- Video Will & Bounties - $1 per day / $5 coffee & netflix / $15 Newspaper / $100 investment and shares / $1000 a month - philanthropist and legacy, Etc.
	- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] (Partner Diagrams)
		- N Summit - Roam
		- Am bien - Notion
		-
	- Enbie TV of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] (Lumpenproletariat - chemical, codes, currency)
- Script Corteva and etc.
  
  
  ----
- Print and return shit tomorrow
  ---
- Do the automation
- Do the website
- Send the invite
  
  ---