4. Public Momtellectualism:

An approach to intellectual production and articulation in which individuals function as mothers of conceptual children.
utodidacticism = crawl, walk run.
1. Guided Skill Transfer = Breastfeeding.
2. [[Autodidactic]]ism = crawl, walk, run.

----
5. DIY Art School / Entropy Escape Room Game:

1. Entropy Escape Room Game - create the KnowKavKa[[Shi]] peoples of Knowing Amasia. Past, Present and Adjacent Possible, and the[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Confederation.


2. Help film: [[Least Stupid Prize]] Club: Birth of an Invagination of 5G Feminism, Speculative Superpositional Realism and Statistically Verifiable Infersectionalism


3. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy is applying as part of Critical Capital, mimicking Bain Capital. A project where statistically verifiable accuracy is the medium and whomever is the best fit can be verified with both qualitative and quantitative data.. Also Church of NB, NP, [[Neganthropic]] love.


---

6a. [[Autodidactic]] Affect:


- Ideological groups are funding media distribution
- People who work there don't have enough arbitration skill
- Vicious cycle. Solution? Art, Myth, Statistically Verifiable Impact Financing.


-----



- Self aware - say I am antifragile at [x], fragile at [y].
- Is that a good question?
- What would your heart bet on?
  ----
  
  6b. [[Autodidactic]] Percepts:
  
  - General before specific. 0 Year old before adult.
  - watch kids videos first, get general understanding, then read the text.
  - Bet for liberal arts education, against specialization, due to 1980's reagan budget cuts, socio-legal destruction and military interventions.
  -
  --------------------
  
  
  ----
  2 Modes:
  Hard: Crawl, Walk, Run
  
  Easy: Or get Breastfed by a momtellectual.
  
  Medium: Research with Peers, Learn Together in Public.
  
  Sometimes one is better than the other in certain situations.
  
  ---
  The[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Post, a magazine on lumaculture: 
  
  http://amasianpost.[[Postworkverse]].com
  
  ---
  6c. [[Autodidactic]] Concepts:
- What is similar and different in process between an eye, a star and a camera?
- What is similar and different in process between alchemy, love and poetry?
  - What is similar and different in process between imagination, computation and calculation?
  -----
  Operations' of Imaginations and Imaginations' of Operations Video Festival at General Intellect Hospital
  
  
  ---
  
  Below : Here are some resources for [[Autodidactic]]ism!
  
  ----
  
  1. Stuart Kaufmann - [[Radical Emergence]]
  2. The [[Autodidactic Universe]]
  3. Jacques Ranciere - The Ignorant Schoolmaster
  4. [[Bernard Stiegler]] - Transindividuation & the [[Neganthropocene]]
  5. Manuel De Landa - 1000 Years of [[non-linear]] History
  6. Paul LeFarge and the Right to be Lazy and the Politics of Distribution
  7. Complexity Podcast and Stuart Kaufmann's [[Radical Emergence]] and Adjacent Possible
  
  
  ---
  
  
  So the Cool school curriculum is just 5 things:
  
  1. Amasia
  2. [[Neganthropocene]]
  3. Object Oriented Democracy of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] (explained via puppets and animals) with peoples interpassive proxy will.
  4. [[Autodidactic]]ism, [[Antinomy]], [[Antifragility]] (explained via restaurants)
  5. 1g to 5G media theory and network and Google and lawsuits.
  
  
  
  
  4th realm - cool School wedding and lawsuits support.
  5th - besfideas - maps go into twitchfluencers and activists - game and film and phd and nft paintings. Game and Film depts.
  --- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  "Cool School Brain Game - [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]:
  
  Whoever can make the painting, whitepaper, film or game that actually saves the planet, wins; or whomever can objectively prove knowledge does or doesn't exist wins." Shi, the Dragon King, 2022
  
  
  
  ---
  
  Cool School Politics:
  -- 
  General Intellect before Specialization - General Intellect is more Valuble.
  ---
  Corporations & Government should be paying, not private individuals and small businesses.
  ---
  
  Cool School Startup
  ----
  Buy some lawsuits
  ---
  Invest in decolonial capital and postwork capital
  ---
  Object Oriented Democracy
  ----
  1G to 5G Media literacy = [[Antifragility]]
  --------
  
  Political, Comedy, Noir, Rap, Filters > Twitch
  
  Hasan Abi / John Oliver / Contra Points / The Serfs / Im Really Important
  
  - The Serfs TV
  - Raj Royale / Destiny.
  - Collective Imagination
  ---
  Twitch:
- media critique
- Open Conversations - philosophy and love
- Film Play
  ---
  MoAss
  Church of Ass
  ICP of ASS 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Art Escape - sculpting statues of liberty / less fragile models of democracy. 
  
  Space and School - run by Shi. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] .
  
  Attack - [[Fragilicide.live]] and philosophy, stats, map.
  ---
  Buy a black sheet
  
  ---
  
  "Any art dealing with public money is immediately political; art that is not, is not. 99% of artists do not have the literacy with philosophy, statistics, tech and warfare to ethically and accurately act in political games of claims with lives at stake. Their inefficacy, lack of ethics and legal exposure can be measured accurately in relation to their claims.
  
  Their best use of public resources is to become educators - not producers of projects.  Leave actual change to those with the proper mix of skills; simultaneously, value these humans for what they actually can do - make beautiful and poetic qualitative first experiences. After the age of 7, if a human has not chosen the path of the [[polymath]], it is too late for them." Shi, the Dragon King, 2022
  
  ---
  
  Cool School of Art for the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  1. The Cool School is composed of antinomies of inferences (or mutual contradictions in logics). Antinomies can be gauged in [[Antifragility]] for a given task using both philosophy and statistics for up to 5 generations of complexity - if desired.
  2. Multiple antinomies can co-exist. No need to destroy an existing one. For example, a 5G [[Antinomy]] for a task does not need to erase previous generations; neither should previous generations destroy the newer. One entity may be 5G in 1 aspect and 1G in another. It's more interesting to simply just mix value systems together for mutual benefit like chemistry.
  3. Antinomies can be defined or undefined as it pleases the one defining it. No particular single mode of valuation is all encompassing.
  
  
  Cool School of Art by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] :
  4. Good, normal, fair, accurate, justice, equality, peace, love, value, antifragile, least stupid = Neganthropy, verifiable via statistics and philosophy that triangulate the quantum inferential statistical dynamics of stars, eyes, hearts and the People's interpassive proxy will. For synthesis, there is [[Fragilicide.live]], a collective philosonoir inventorying ontological holes physically, technologically and intellectually.
  5. To determine whether something has one of the desired qualities above, people perform in a near future dystopian horror film where there are only a few people on the planet who can do both philosophy and statistics - it's called [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]. In the film, people write their claim to what is the best idea for a given task on a piece of paper, then slam it down, take a video and then send it to people who are competent enough at philosophy and statistics to evaluate it. 
  6. In addition, Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, performing as [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], requests John Wick's partnership to take grab a set of bounties of degentrification and decolonization. 
  7. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy is also going for a PhD which includes statistical proofs for the need for an economy and curriculum of arts and tech first to work towards postwork capitalism, proving the lower neuroplasticity of adults vs. Children, and the necessity of a simulator for determining justice.
  8. [[Neganthropic]]oin as the currency of the INF [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. Less Fragile model of democracy fashion show. Conciliance.
  ---
  
  Zoom theater:
- 1G Speaker of [[Antinomy]] - Philosopunk, postwork punk Love Icons / Public Momtellectual. With guitar. Non Binary Korean [[Pop Spec]] artist. Lovechaeologist. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]. Play Doh. Onion.
- 2G Cool School. DJ. Face with texts // ENBIE. NEG.  - better playlists. Of disco science. Transindividuate. Ontologies not apologies. Transduction is transeduction. Antifragile Attraction. Resonance. Epistemologies are like a particular track; ontologies are the sound system.
- Detective. / A.r.t., a.r.t., a.r.t. Investigate [[non-linear]]ities.
- 4G Monk and Artist, For Church of A.S.S. , MoA.S.S, Army of A.S.S. and ASO.
- 5G GreyHats of [[Regener888 (Main)]], non-dual duels of the quantum fist, to connect the multiverse to collect bounties on 100 families and 100 titans of ecosocialpocalypse. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] .
- 6G [[Regener888 (Main)]]- oh God you humans are so boring, take you fucking 25 years for 1 theory, takes 10,000 years, for God's just fucking stop! (steals the laptop, hacks the 1%, changes the channel) - slow motion, put face in it.
- 7G - Rapping with quantum AI + voice visualizer. 
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ~~~~
#