

## Speculative Modernist performance: "PTSD From Future Neganthropy", Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

Antifragile Agent P. Roxy is suddenly suffering from PTSD from the future Neganthropoc history of Amasia; due to the absolute stupidity of post-modern epistemology, nobody can contest this subjective declaration of subjective trauma under the very unexamined rules of post-modernist subjectivity.

Like a human cell faced with a virus exploiting the gaps in its natural architecture, Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's deadpan performance forces the fragile postmodern subject to self-repair into a less stupid perspective, or be continuously mocked and deconstructed by Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's performance perfectly reflecting the stupidity of post-modernist logic back to post-modernists.

---
#### Ongoing performance: Antifragile Agent P. Roxy suffers from crippling PTSD, because the present is not as good as the future - YET. Heroically, he hides his immense pain behind constant subjectively pleasant experiences of every day, like everyone else, except differing in degrees of subjective pleasure.


---
## 21st Century Artform: Specfitti

Due to the fact that most street and folk art forms eventually reach a ceiling in conceptual complexity and theoretical discourses lose track of themselves and then get transformed into conceptual fashion trends, specfitti combines the spatial transgressive ethos of graffiti with speculative thought, thus alleviating the boredom of both folk art and theoretical discourse. 



---

Objects + Happenings + Workshops

Popup space + amasias next top model (role model + world model)
- City infrastructure
- Mural
- Sculpture
- Programming from culture festivals
- Libraries
- Small businesses
- Non profits
- Bad music, good art competition - as non-mai
  
  ---
##### [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] : Amasia's Next Top Prosocial Model Competition

Who or what can be the best prosocial role model and/or planetary model so the kids and AI don't go nuts and destroy us all?!

Throw a dollar into the pool, see if you can win the prize this season of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]!

---
### Upcoming - [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]:  non-mainstream boring bullshit ass music competition - the [[Intercity Planetary]] Bad Music, Good Art and Bad Art, Good Vibes Battle of the Bands!
# [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]]

Provides prosocial and regenerative literacy workshops and services, antifragile design and development, data-backed research and consulting, and crisistech capabilities.

Subcontracting network includes various members of the [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]], [[Antinomy]].art and the @[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].

Ongoing projects include the Prosocial Gallery and the [[Democraseum]], both featured in the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]].

---


Art call for antifragile artists!


---







Answer:

1. Antifragile Agent P. Roxy lives and hangs out with intellectuals in Berlin and makes cutting edge conceptual tech and media art
2. Contracts 2nd World contractors, sells in 2nd World markets like UK and U.S.
3. Aids 3rd world.

---


[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]:

Bet you're amasian
Bet on the [[Neganthropocene]] 

(Based in UK)

---
# Outlay: 

1. Concept - Critical Speculative Puns. Bedworking. In-jokes. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]. (10%)
	- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]
	  2. Percept - Sharp Minimalism & Playful, Semi-Dada Polyptychs. (30%)
	- We Have a Speculative Dream
	  3. Affect - Pride in the daily and speculative via beauty. Peloton Style motivation for art. Use real name and facial expressions. [[Regener888 (Main)]].  (60%)
	- Install, Architecture, etc.
	  
	  
	  
	  ---
	  
	  
	  Shooting break - all admin. 
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  ****