- meta mixer of existing eco tech startups
- Meta mixer of art social start ups
- PhD to differentiate claims
- Ethical Hackers, Artist Lawyer - sculptures of constraints and capacities, painters of diagrams, video glues these things together,  Philostatistical Punk And Church.
  ---
  America is killing (machine guns and nonlinearity) and poetry (selling and transposition)
- Philosobomber
- DD-Jeet Kune Do (fight with philosophy)
  
  
  ---  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]]:
- Physical game install - peace games
- Digital cms in 360 - toiletz
- Video and text becoming metaphysequal
- WEB 4 UNLOCKED
  
  Create onto video:
- inferential phylum + abstract diagrams function = [[Negentropic]] feedback vs. Entropic feedback systems. Quantum bioinferences.
- ecosocial feedback systems + incentives for energy and work + Pol.is, philostatistical accuracy on demand
- Ethical Hacker, video lawyer, philostatistical church punk
  
  
  ---
  
  Ecosocial feedback systems which are either net antifragile/[[Negentropic]] or net fragile/entropic.
  
  Menu of antifragile options; rate of change is different. 
  
  Accuracy is primary; scalability is secondary. 
  Sandbox innovation. Risk isn't worth it.
  
  Constant prototyping; equity schema based on rarity of syntheses and core.
  ---
  Javascript - clear memory after loops.
  
  
  ---
  
  Mapping for degentrification 
  Indian Engineersmuggy
  ---
  
  
  Grey Jacket - philosobomber
  Play hard - nap hard
  
  
  Plant Group: web 1 and Antifragile Agent P. Roxy does web 2 architecture 
  
  
  Cities and schools, small biz.
- # [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] and DERPA Motto: Play Smart, Nap Hard
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  1. Antifragile Ecosocial Feedback Systems = [[Antinomy]] and enbies
  2. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] and [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]]
  3. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] and DERPA peace games
  4. AM bien and N summit (crispr) And[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]skull tectonics superpositional phrenology. Quantumquake. And Quantum sim.
  5. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] and until we are worth.