

- # Who Killed Thought : [[Elan Semiotechne]]'s 10 Years of [[non-linear]] Solitude in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit
  A decolonial[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]time-travelling post-death family drama complexity science fiction myth novel and film with various sub-plots and artworks.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] philosobomber question air planes written by children.
  
  Label everything as freeplay game vs. Objectively Good
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Get tattoo / genes edited / recreate betnard stiegler mural from prison / rap [[Bernard Stiegler]] from prison
- ### Making conceptual art is not necessary for happiness... and it's boring! Translating or remixing good conceptual art is enough.
- ### Making new conceptual art is not worth it for most. Better to get drunk and dance!
- ## Objectively Good Art Award / Card Against Fragility:
- #### Make bad art, good vibes.
  
  
  
  
  
  1. In a bathroom.
  2. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] from 2032, peace games greyhat contractor.
  4. Everyone is a god.
  5. Every God can be different.
  6. Every God can re-declare.
  7. Every God is superpositional.
  8. Every God can [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]y to other gods.
  9. Every God can time travel to past, present and future, actual and potential.
  10. The way to do it is to make bad art good vibes, bad music good art, or objectively good art. Follow the scores on [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]].
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], takes a look at the status of modern governments and societies, and why people should make bad art good vibes:
  
  1. Intel agencies have masses of data, zero capacity to interpret it. Surveillance and control is pretty much impossible.
  2. The Leftist intellectual, art and media ecology has zero synthesized technical and ethical literacy.
  3. 99.9% of the population is in zero shape to learn anything. Better for them to just do drugs and party and make media art.
  4. There is no effective institutional regulatory apparatus whatsoever at national or international levels. 
  5. With this pool of skills and resources, it is 100x as much energy to try and construct new infrastructure with 80% chance of failure, with only 10 years left on the clock to planetary collapse. It is way more bang for buck to just hack things infrastructurally and socio-legally. Media should be subordinated to this goal.
- ## What the f--k are 99.9% of people actually trying to make with art? Self-awareness, synthesis and good vibes. Forget objectively good art! Make bad art, good vibes!
  
  Don't worry about the other sh-t! It takes like 5 PhD's to fix problems. And it's super f--king boring. Go into myth, religion, media, fiction and music.
- # Dumb Aesthetics + Dope Philosophy = The Return of the Double Dragon King - P.o.p.e. Love!
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], takes a look at the status of modern governments and societies, and why people should make bad art good vibes:
  
  1. 80% of modern culture is commenting and consumption.
  2. There is no culture of creativity or critique.
  3. It would take forever to build it, even amongst the educated.
  4. The best solution is to make bad art good vibes and bad music good art.
  5. As they are proper solutions per the context, these actually fall into the category of objectively good art - which can and should be funded by public monies.
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], stumbles across a scrap of a zine he picks up from the [[Intercity Planetary]] streets. It says:
  
  "[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], [[New S.A.]] PopSpecPunk Manifesto 🎶🎶
  
  We make 5 things!
  
  1. Bad Music, Good Art and PopSpecPunk Spalightenment, aka K-popspec Amasianwave of the [[Non-binary Korean]] Church led by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] and [[Antinomy]].art
  2. Bad Art, Good Vibes and Quantum Novels / Films and Reality Games by [[Elan Semiotechne]]
  3. Objectively Good Art and Beautiful Revolution by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] 
  4. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] Cool School and [[Regener888 (Main)]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], [[New S.A.]] 
  5. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] Next Top Role Model of the [[Intercity Planetary]] and [[Cards Against Fragility]] by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] and the Neon Madonna of the [[New S.A.]]
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], writes to the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] from prison. 
  
  He has requested to be imprisoned in the present for a crime he will commit in the future; the abolishing of entropic laws that would violate several laws in the present. 
  
  This is phrased in the present as an artist residency, called "All lives end, all ends meet, in the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]." in which he works with prisoners, guards and lawyers to collaboratively produce a quantum film, music album, reading group and mural of a [[Neganthropic]] justice, governmental and market system centered around the writings of [[Bernard Stiegler]] - who robbed banks in the 70's, was imprisoned, and then taught himself philosophy, to such a degree that he was one of Europe's leading philosophers. He was a singular outspoken figure endorsing the arts, technology and transindividuation, protesting the mediocrity of the Anthropocene discourse while producing a radical synthesis of ideas for the [[Neganthropocene]].
  
  [[Elan Semiotechne]] plays multiple roles simultaneously, as prisoner, prison guard and lawyer, interacting with real and fictional prisoners, prison guards and lawyers, to question, navigate and reform the system they are in.
  
  This endeavor inevitably leads to philostatistical questions on the power of human thought and the universality of consciousness. Why are some bodies locked away and under-resourced, and other bodies given billions to produce a collapsing planet? 
  
  Could bodies in prison produce the solutions to the planet's crises that billionaires, academies and governments can't? 
  
  ---
  Consciousness is a door
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], writes for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game open source defense contractor who has sent him back in time to 2022 to evaluate the war going on - World War Fragility, by running the Peace Game simulator, [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] along with [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]], a former wargame AI turned artist dandy and [[Shi]] the Quantum AI Dragon King of Onondaga Lake, the Iroquois lake of peacemaking, now the most polluted lake on Earth:
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], the Peace Game simulator, understands World War Fragility as taking place at 3 timescales simultaneously in a single planetary escape room peace game.
  
  1. Time Scale 1: the 500 year long inertia of illegal colonialism.
  2. Time Scale 2: the last 10 years of utter fragility; where each individual's precise contribution to systematic fragility are easily Googleable or on some digital record somewhere. Thus the worst gentrifiers, exploitative business owners and fascists can be mapped and corrected through open source non-lethal cyber sabotage. In an online game, children take this dataset of the worst of the middle class and call them orcs, and then create art around blacklisting and sabotaging them through a peace game called [[Cards Against Fragility]], which is primarily written by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] .
  3. Timescale 3: the 7 second distance of every individual from imagining a creative solution or error-checking a proposal to any of the world's problems, objective or subjective. Each solution to a problem is depicted as behind a floating augmented reality / artistic / adjacent possible door (like a laptop) 7 steps away from each individual at all times. The door takes them to a realm of a future post-work society, or a 0th World society, where everyone has [[polymath]] literacy, universal basic income, health care and arts-based education and lives within antifragile democracies. This realm is called the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. It operates in a paradigm of thought, 10 years in the future, in which there is no separation of humans and ecology - but there are differences and levels of complexity; the planet is understood as a giant eco-social feedback system, which is affected by both physical and informational actions.
  ---
  
  The door to the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is tricky; without proper [[polymath]] training it may take 70 years to get to it and one may get lost or go mad along the way. Also hypothetically, a child may reach it faster by pure luck or randomly typing things to an AI. There is less risk of madness if people team up - but the costs of coordination may slow down the effort!
  
  Using various tests, we can bet on who or what will reach what door the quickest, as if they were racehorses! Maybe a child human-machine team will win. Like Mario & [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] & [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] .
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] & [[Shi]] place these doors in various spaces, both artspaces and non-artspaces, physically and digitally.
  
  Follow at Antifragileagency.com, or @antifragileagency !
- # "FutureBlueChip.art : The exhibition" 2022
  
  
  ---
  
  2 audiences:
  
  1. The Fembassy
  2. Bad Boys Dads
  
  ---
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], writes for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the Peace Game open source defense contractor, evaluating the war going on - World War Fragility.
- # NY Resolution:
  
  1. No teaching, no low quality dialogue, no boring art for Antifragile Agent P. Roxy.
  2. New Message: if you don't have the skills to do something, don't do it. If there is no reason to do something, don't do it. Instead, think.
  3. Thinking is doing more than you trying to do something you can't and making things worse.
  4. Unless it's for a bad artwork. Make lots of stupid, quick bad artworks that takes zero money and zero skill.
  5. You will also make friends because guess what - there are lots of people who are like you. They want to do things but have zero skill or reason or persistence - and simply just want to hang out, like a bunch of cuddly kittens. They will also enjoy the bad art, good vibes. Forget making Future Blue Chip Art; it will make you unhappy. Make yourself happy. Learn how to live like a human.
  
  
  
  ---
- ### Most already have no idea how to navigate society autonomously; given a new task or piece of information, they will 80% probably fall apart.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  New Year's Resolution:
  
  1. Make a ton of money and hack.
  2. Quit the boring stupidity of traditional art, make philosophy and video art.
  3. Only converse with intellectuals. Redirect non-intellectuals to substances, merch and making ridiculous performances, aka bad art and good vibes.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  O peers where art thou
- ### "The 2023 Mona Lisa: 2 Competent [[polymath]]s In a Free-form Discussion" 2023
  
  ---
- Ai + visualization!
- Think + scripted performance!
- Share + buy!
  ---
- ## "With Crises Comes Opportunity; With Fragility, Comes Stupid and Avoidable Crises" [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , Writing a Card Against Fragility, 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. Two, literate, competent [[polymath]]s in a freeform conversation is objectively rarer than diamonds today. 99.9% of conversations today are undereducated-to-undereducated.
  2. [[polymath]]s in conversation synthesized every core infrastructural technology and idea today - including the Mona Lisa. Hence the right 2 people in conversation can literally change the world. 
  3. Anyone out there, I'll trade all my artistic network and capital for a connection to a single other [[polymath]].
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  What do you do with the undereducated?
- Redirect to shrooms
- Redirect to fashion
- Redirect to fitness
- Redirect to food
- Redirect to film
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- ### "Separate affective people (80% of the population) from intellectuals (20%) ; never mix the two, simply supply the former with drugs, games and food." 2023
- #### "Every time someone contributes fragility to the planet, FragileCoin.site will award them the proper amount of FragileCoin!" 2022
- #### "Why the future is automated democracy, drugs, games and food for the 99% and cool underground parties for anyone who is not braindead (irregardless of identity or whatever - it's based purely on circumstantial capacity for philostatistical neganthropy):
  
  1. Democracy requires creative philostatistical reason; 99% of people are too undereducated for thinking about anything more complex than breakfast. Fragility is trans-class and trans-cultural.
  2. It's too late to re-educate today's fragile populations. Just give them what they want - drugs, games and food - but versions that don't kill them or make them even more fragile. In 100 years, the stupidity of the existing culture will be gone. It just takes time.
  3. Anyone who is antifragile is bored of everything the 99.9% likes and does, and understands that 2 [[polymath]]s in a 200 second conversation is worth 10,000 years of the 99.9% talking about drugs, games and food. Just like how a quantum computer can solve in 200 seconds what it takes a classical computer 10,000 years. Hence the strategy here is just to gather the few who are sane and antifragile and then do what humans are meant to do - play!" 2023
  
  
  
  How the f--k is automated democracy structured?
  
  1. It's structured like Black Jack. The house is the 1%, the 100 families who own 50% of the planet's wealth from 500 year old illegal colonial warcrimes and the 100 corporations doing 70% of the ecological damage to the planet.
  2. We have 7 billion hands, plus we can play the hands of the 43 billion bots, plus we can move our votes between each other via proxy.
  3. That's it! We are all trying to beat the dealer.  A win for one of us is a win for all.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], writes for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the Peace Game open source defense contractor:
  
  1. Gen 2 literacy is primarily film as synthesis; timed visceral images, short philosophical lines, literary and mythological and religious references. 
  2. Gen 2 individuals are fine with performing and thinking within templates and scripts and protocols and can be deployed in that framework.
  3. The Matrix / Pacific Rim / Dunkirk / Bad Boys is a primary cultural paradigm for Gen 2 cultures of synthesis. Fashion, drugs, food, facial expression, terse comments, light [[non-linear]]ities, clubs, undergrounds, bodily motion and music.
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the Peace Game open source defense contractor writes a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt which is the protocol for the club @neganthroposcene.site :
  
  1. Gather all competent intellectuals on social media. 
  2. Screen everyone else out who can't accurately interpret and synthesize.
  3. Have a free-form discussion with competent intellectuals, record it, have those who can't accurately interpret and synthesize try to remix it into various forms, with the disclaimer that it is most likely an inaccurate interpretation which could make the viewer more fragile, and a link back to the accurate source, which will make the viewer more antifragile.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the Peace Game open source defense contractor writes a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt in club @neganthroposcene.site:
  
  1. Material culturalists are screwed, they need institutional help, or drugs, games and food and housing.
  2. Artists translate [[polymath]]s' work, wittingly or unwittingly for undereducated press.
  3. [[polymath]]s just want to chill and party, take down the 1% and have as little stupid interactions per day as possible, unless making a film.
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the Peace Game open source defense contractor writes a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt in club @neganthroposcene.site , part of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  1. Redirect the individual scale artists towards crowd control via club @neganthroposcene.site and [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and N Summit.
  2. Redirect organizers to [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] and [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]] and Bad Music Good Art.
  3. Redirect thinkers to [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] Peace Games and [[Cards Against Fragility]] and the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]. 
  
  ---
- ### "Reason is clearly not possible for 99.9% of the planet.
  
  The only thing to make with them is tragicomedy." , 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game open source defense contractor reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt, written by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , in club @neganthroposcene.site, while eating some [[Neganthropic]] ideapple mochi's from @[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]], cooked by Doughbama:
  
  1. All fiction can be recontextualized as an attractor; a philostatistical [[Hyperobject]] sculpture of inferences.
  2. When we read literature and interpret art, the connections and structure is much more complex than boring one liners. 
  3. What we learn from these more complex forms is a more complex way of thinking and acting. It is not about any particular character, plot line or lesson; it is the process of complexification and neganthropomorphosis that is the reward.
  4. There is one attractor, a philostatistical [[Hyperobject]] monument, that rules them all- the [[Autodidactic]] [[Universal Attractor]]. The aspects of this monument are better discovered through one's own travels, physical and philosophical.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Speculative governmental contractors - [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]]- building the ICP Peace Games and Regional Regenerative Regtech
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game [[Intercity Planetary]] speculative government contractor, reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt, written by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , in club @neganthroposcene.site, while eating some [[Neganthropic]] ideapple mochi's from @[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]], cooked by Doughbama, a president running on the platform of "Why Not the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].com Deal?"
  
  1. 80% of the planet is comprised of 2nd World regions which all have the same lack of a culture and infrastructure of thought and post-work regional regulation.
  2. The short-term target is Canada; mid-term is Germany; long-term is 100 years to the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], which actually fits alot of regional endpoints met in the 15th Century.
  3. The road to the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] is built by Speculative Governmental Contractors such as [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]]. They build various regional tech level packages, primarily simulation and regulation tech, integrating both ecosystems and social systems into dynamically self-balancing feedback systems.
  4. What emerges is a planetary infrastructucture called the [[Intercity Planetary]], which does all the things on demand, that no individual government or region can.
  
  
  
  In [[Fragilicide.live - Who Killed Fragility]] in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game [[Intercity Planetary]] speculative government contractor, reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt, written by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , in club @neganthroposcene.site, while eating some [[Neganthropic]] ideapple mochi's from @[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]], cooked by Doughbama, an[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]president running on the platform of "Why Not the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].com Deal of the [[New S.A.]] All Day Everyday?"
  
  1. Regional fragility can be assessed by its cultural infrastructure.
  2. Gen 1 regions rely on material culture and chemical affects via performance. This is 80% of the planet in a 2nd World state.
  3. Gen 2 regions use language and moving images. This is Canada.
  4. Gen 3 regions use theater and analytic design. This is Central EU.
  6. Gen 4 regions use theory-fiction and databases. This is Berlin.
  7. Gen 5 regions use automated justice systems and incentives. This is Finland, South Africa. Pockets everywhere.
  
  
  Capt. AMASIA
- GREYHAT outfit
- Esta on the back as turtle shell and drone and ultraweapon and massager
- Griffin eye and claw - 360 video grappling gun and taser gloves and Metaphysequality
- Walking stick potato gun shooting seeds and shrooms.
- Taser and paintball tube.
- Armor of [[Autodidactic]] [[Universal Attractor]]
- Instruments and heart monitor
- Time travel jet lag / magic
- Adjacent possible door to [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]] of [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]
- Antifragile Superpositional serums of Neganthrogenetics and Neganthropomimetics via QISpr (drawing over photo)
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- Tagging it now for future evidence.
- Arrest a quantum clone. Use realistic masks.
- ICP [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit.
- Attractor cinema - could be 10 months or 10 years, but databacked simulators show its statisical inevitability.
- Link to Pol.Is trial and evidence.
- Balance via gyroscope.
  
  ---
- # "[[Statistical Forensics]] Unit" 2023
  
  
  500
  100
  10
  1
  1 hour
  
  ---
  
  Sell it against the establishment, Funded by midsize players.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  Who Killed Thought?
  
  
  
  
  
  In Who Killed Thought? : 10 Years of [[Neganthropic]] Solitude in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game [[Intercity Planetary]] speculative government contractor, reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt, written by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , in club @neganthroposcene.site, while eating some [[Neganthropic]] ideapple mochi's from @[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]], cooked by Doughbama, an[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]president running on the platform of "Why Not the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].com Deal of the [[New S.A.]] All Day Everyday?"
- ##### In "Who Killed Thought? : 10 Years of [[Neganthropic]] Solitude in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit", [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game [[Intercity Planetary]] speculative government contractor, reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt:
  
  POV: You are woken up to investigate a murder for the [[Intercity Planetary]] [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit. 
  
  When you arrives at the scene of the crime, you see a [[Non-binary]] corpse. It's Thought itself. It's dead.
  
  You think to yourself- if Thought is dead - how the Hell am I still thinking? Then you puke at the paradox.
  
  A Data-backed Forensic Unit quantum biologist walks up to you as you retch. They explain the concept of superposition - matter in multiple states simultaneously. Hence, Thought can be murdered and bleeding out on the pavement, yet we can all still think, albeit most likely in a diminished manner. 
  
  Another DBFU personnel, a statistical ballistics expert, starts shaking a bag full of [[Antinomy]] hardened bullets and rattling off facts. Apparently there were 5 shooters:
  
  1. A cannon from 500 years ago, at the start of colonialism.
  2. A sniper from 40 years ago, the beginning of neoliberalism.
  3. A hit man from 10 years ago, during World War Fragility.
  4. A drive by from a year ago, by a desperate dealer, during the fragiledemic.
  5. An artmunition a microsecond ago, at light speed.
  
  A box on a long stick beeps. It's a device for measuring the entropy/negentropy pulse waves released from the body, says the DBFU personnel. We're never seen Thought outright killed, but we have seen it assaulted and damaged throughout history. Every time it was injured, it released entropy/negentropy waves. We are not sure what's going to happen when Thought is dead. I mean, he adds, it's unthinkable.
  
  Yet here we are, you say. Oddly, I feel like I'm thinking clearer than ever. 
  
  Data-backed theory-fiction has that effect, says another [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit member. It's designed to produce a meta-awareness in the reader. All this, he says as he gestures at the narrative setting, is just inferences. The corpse of Thought is just an interesting metaphor to visualize today's problem. The trajectory of the bullets can be traced through history via simple internet searches - sending the reader onto a fruitful line of questioning. But really, that's just a sweet and seductive coating for the seed of the solution.
  
  And what's the solution? You ask.
  
  Every single word you already read but didn't understand, he said. And you don't have to - because it's data-backed. Data-backed claims don't require a specific you - you could be anyone.  Any of you could disagree. But you would always be wrong, whoever you are. Are you starting to get it?
  
  It doesn't matter who or what says or reads a data-backed claim? So it doesn't even matter if I or the reader understands the data-backed claim or the fiction, you ask. It doesn't matter then if I or they get it, you say.
  
  Exactly, says the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit personnel.
  
  What about my context? What about my subjective experience? You say.
  
  Well, he said. That's infinitely yours to simulate and interpret. But once you get into talking about things with probabilities in real world physical and informational systems - then data-backed claims and analyses supercede any given subjective experience. If we didn't do that, lots of people would die. And lots of people do die, despite our best efforts.
  
  Shit, you say. I never thought about that.  
  
  Well, he says. Someone killed Thought. Maybe you did think about it, in a different phrasing. Might be an entropy wave affecting you.
- 95% of the art market is money laundering and totally non-sensical nepotism.
- 4.99% is critical, but fragile. It is cultural production, limited by budget.
- .01% sometimes does something actually interesting. Hans Haacke, Mark Lombardi, Trevor Paglen, Hito Steyerl, Maurizio Cattelan, Lawrence Abu Hamdan.
- So the last wave was simply just the ceiling of the technology at that time... okay so that means any art that isn't technologically sophisticated and directly attacking the market mechanisms is not art - it's just either nepotism or critical cultural production.
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  Art:
- 95% of it is nepotism and idiocy.
- 4.9% is critical cultural production. It doesn't scale beyond the minority of middle class. It's limited by budget and organizational skills. It will take 100 years for mass cultural shifts. Short term target is Canada, mid-term is Germany, long-term is Helsinki. Again, this only affects the middle class. It has nothing to do with reality or the planet.
- .1% is actual art that changes core mechanisms of society and the planet. There is actually no need to play in the lower levels to do this. 
  
  ---
  
  
  Pov: you are a youth born in a fragile 2nd World country like the U.S. You grow up in a wasteland of fragility. 
  
  Apply for German higher education, ASAP. Get the fuck out.
- ### "Tech and Law is the Medium is the Message; Only 10,000 or Less [[polymath]]s on Earth Can Use it Ethically.
  
  Hypothetically it could be 7 Billion, but there is zero culture or infrastructure of thought for it. Best strategy? Bet on the data-backed [[polymath]]s, aid the fragile and stick em in playful therapy." 2023
  
  
  
  
  ----
  
  **[[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] Greyhat [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] DBFU**
  
  **Magic HUD (For problems) - locating simulatable inevitabilities, seeding the regulatory action via [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Narrative/Poised Realm]].**
- # "Who Killed Thought? 10 Years of [[non-linear]] Solitude in the [[Statistical Forensics]]" 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Thought is a negative imprint. Killed, tortured and cannibalized by many. It's bizarre to see it as a corpse.  Unthinkable.
  
  Another day at the DBFU.
  
  
  
  The full icp exists
  Use present day tools and persons
  Investigate deaths of the thinking version.
  
  ---
- ##### In "Who Killed Thought? : 10 Years of [[Neganthropic]] Solitude in the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit", [[Elan Semiotechne]], also played by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], working for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], the 2032 Peace Game [[Intercity Planetary]] speculative government contractor, reads a [[Cards Against Fragility]] Peace Game prompt:
  
  1. Club @[[Neganthropic]]
  
  
  ---
- Higher dimensional space - only lower dimension slices. 360 video. Knight Foundation. Hyperspace. Critical media circuit.
- [[Hyperobject]]
- Less Wrong
- Non-autistic - inferential distance and silence
  
  
  ---
- # Coming soon: Experimental Documentary is the Zombie Formalism of Media Art and What the F--k to Do About it
  
  
  
  
  
  "The Thought Process of 99% of Modern Populations:
  
  1. 🐵 Monkey See
  2. 🐒 Monkey Do!" [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , 2023
- # 1882, from the Gay Science by Nietszche - "God is Dead."
- # 2023, by [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], aka [[Elan Semiotechne]] - "Who Killed Thought?"
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In "Who Killed Thought?" Mr. Grey pauses amidst his research into Thought's short presence in Northern and Southern Virginia during Summer 2021. 
  
  By combing logs from an ISP, Mr. Grey found that Thought had been in Fairfax, VA, frequenting various parts of George Mason University, Blake Lane, Northwest D.C. - and also doing a small stint in a school in Amherst, Virginia. 
  
  Fragmented data packets, when run through a decryption algorithm, revealed Thought engaging in acts of sculpture and performance art with various members of that area. Many images showed Thought writing on clothes as paintings, or taking photographs with strangers with strange objects and dollar store costumes and making small surreal skits out of simple images drawn on trash.
  
  After aligning the images on to a Miro board, Mr Grey realized that Thought was interfacing with the material-based culture in the area. Due to an infrastructural lack of support for education, there was less skills related to textual, media and technological systems. People in that region primarily expressed psychological states and conceptual functions through objects and rituals. 
  
  Some of the packets decrypted into small writings and poems by Thought, most likely written in between interactions with humans in the region:
  
  "Here, material, gesture and ritual is how they express themselves; each moment is a stage. All are playing.
  
  Everyday the smallest encounter may become the subject of an hour long discussion. Each facial expression, vocal inflection dissected, like beats of a play. 
  
  The care implicit in this level of attention to each moment, each gesture, is beautiful.
  
  However, when more logistical processes need to be discussed, the faces turn sour, the mood heavy. The horizons shrink.
  
  There is need for more structure to transfer the tools to do so; but one that supports and nurtures, like a playful teacher, rather than forcing conformity and submission. [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] would be the figure they need.
  
  At the same time, there is need for a steady defender of the fragile and a voice of reason. Easily their spirits are quieted and crushed in the face of conflict. Dreams become deferred, passions diminished. I will request for [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]]  to visit."
  
  Mr. Grey, wiping his bleary eyes, leaned back in his chair and drank his tea.
- ## By summer: quit art, sell drugs, games and cyberwar.
  
  1. Can the art world suddenly synthesize all the knowledge necessary to make new good art? No. Should they stop making art? No, it will learn over time.
  2. Can the masses self-organize to fix the planet's infrastructure? No, there is no culture of thought, it would take 100 years. Should they stop trying? No, it's good, honest work.
  3. Can 1 person with the right skillset just build a system 50 years ahead of every military, institution and corporation? Yes!
  4. What should that 1 person do? Quit art, quit society. Sell drugs, games and cyberwar. [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]nk the art world, play with the public and live outside of all systems.
  5. Seriously - there has to be at least 1 free human on a planet of 7 billion this century. Otherwise, what a f--king boring world!
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Public sector can't communicate; industry can't invent.
  
  The trap: trying to fix 2 games broken for the next 100 years.
  
  Solution: leave 'em both. Absolute freedom for life by mid-summer. Peace.
  
  
  
  Who Killed Thought, central question:
  
  Why
- # "Less Fragile Human = Less Eco-waste" Trees 🌳Writing Books 📚, 2023
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  In the speculative novel and film, "Trees Writing Books", where we imagine trees, experts on photosynthesis, begin to write and publish books teaching humans how to synthesize light into both renewable energy and less fragile information, they write a media art manifesto for 80% of modern societies, which are basically in a 2nd World condition:
- ## BAD ART GOOD VIBES MANIFESTO:
  
  1. 80% of modern societies don't have the philostatistical literacies for functional democracy, industries or art.
  2. 80% of the modern population, from children to academics, have about a 5 year old's tolerance to new ideas. They can handle about 2 new sentences a day - just like in Kindergarten.
  3. The fastest and most reliable way to communicate and coordinate is video. Monkey see and monkey do.
  4. If you try to make and circulate traditional arts in 80% of modern societies, it will fail. Make video, performance and fiction - it will work.
  5. Never tell a 5 year old to make good art intentionally because we dont have a culture of thought; they have a 1000% higher chance of making good art if you tell them to make BAD ART GOOD VIBES.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  5G [[polymath]] art:
  
  1. 99% of the planet doesn't have the literacy for making it OR reading it.
  2. It's literally unimaginable to most.
  3. It will take 10 years to explain to one of them in intense, guided education with a massive amount of resources; 100 years for it to become culture.
  4. Obviously, everything else is absolutely boring, if you are a [[polymath]]. So forget teaching, forget working.
  5. Probably the only sensible thing to do is to phrase wagers - and make a film of a reality game.
  
  ---
  
  From the speculative novel and film, "[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]", written by trees writing books. Trees writing books, experts on photosynthesis, is a speculative art group and philostatistical thought experiment imagining as if trees began to write and publish books teaching humans how to synthesize light into both renewable energy and less fragile information. They have written a set of game rules for [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], using post-empirical science, for 80% of modern societies, which are basically in a 2nd World condition:
  
  1. 80% of modern societies are 100 years from being ecosocially balanced.
  2. The ecological problems will be solved in parts and pieces over the next century, without central coordination.
  3. It will take a minimum of 20 years for Gen Alpha, who has much better synthesized education and philostatistical skills, to come of age and begin to cause relevant social transformations.
  5. 99% of humans today are too irrational and clueless to do anything; they should be in post-work environments, supervising and correcting machine learning models, and being paid every time they learn something that makes them less fragile, thus less damaging to the ecology.
  6. Whoever solves the world's problems before these projected time frames gets a prize from [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]; everyone else is automatically entered into a lottery. Anyone can place sidebets on differing parts.
  7. It is possible for philostatistical proofs of claims to be produced with minimum physical evidence.
  8. If a process is philostatistically proven to be objectively entropic, it can be ceased from an external agent with an appropriate amount of action. If something is philostatistically proven to be objectively [[Negentropic]], it can be implemented without permissions.
- ## "If you are not a [[polymath]] artist, then:
  
  1. Do drugs
  2. Make weird stuff" [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , 2023
- ## "Until around 2040 when Gen Alpha matures, human society will be too stupid for thought and art... so this means anyone who is competent at either, just GTFO ASAP! Form a fun peer community, forget the stupid and forget half-assed activism."
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/1 - Elan's Archive/1 - Documents/B. Middle Frames/10. Nitty Gritty/Shi the Dragon King]] , 2023
- ### [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] game assumptions:
  1. Culture will be too stupid for actual thought and art until 2040 when Gen Alpha matures.
  2. That's that, a few [[polymath]]s can just flip entire regions, industries and knowledge domains like pancakes. 
  3. 1 [[polymath]] with AI can do in 1 year what 100,000 non-[[polymath]]s can do in 10 years.
- # "Ark of the Philosophically and Statistically Literate"
- # [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] speculative reality game
  
  1. Assumption: some claims, not all, are inferences that can be philostatistically verified and backed by data.
  2. Whomever can make and prove data-backed claims to the best ideas, wins prizes! Everyone can place side bets as they please.
  3. You are entered into a lottery to win some money for doing nothing also. Good luck!
- # The Stupid Majority
  The true political power of the planet.
- ### Bet: art without philostatistics by [[polymath]]s = crappy, boring psychedelic drugs. Better to just quit art, throw down $20 and get some shrooms. Also, [[polymath]]s should not teach other humans; they should only work directly on planetary infrastructure. Everything else leads to boredom; boredom leads to breaking things.
- # "2020's: the Mediocre Ages (except for a few [[polymath]]s)" 2023
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  On the field of art where the majority of the world is in a 2nd World state, aka the Stupid Majority:
  
  1. Nobody can do philostatistics for the next 20 years minimum, so every artwork is 80% entropic.
  2. Nobody can read anything accurately, so presenting accurate data is pointless.
  3. Nobody has any modern skills, so organizing is pointless.
  4. The only thing that can be expected is entropy. The only thing to present is outlets for entropy. No knowledge can be transmitted.
  5. The only things that can work in this situation: drugs, games, hacking.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] premise:
  
  How philostatistically stupid/not stupid humans are will determine how many humans and non-humans will die/live, in the next decade. 
  
  Those who are verifiably stupid in positions of power will kill more than those who are verifiably stupid and not in positions.
  
  Those who are verifiably stupid and are being paid through public monies are subject to data-backed corrections.
- # Trees Writing Books
  
  [[Wolrd War 0]] co-written by Trees Writing Books, 
  trees write books based on the premise that trees' extensive experience with photosynthesis, may give them insider knowledge on how to synthesize other forms of light, like information. They write books to shed light for humans on how light can be synthesized.
  
  Trees Writing Books is a human-machine-tree team authoring post-empirical books based on the premise written about in the book, "Trees Writing Books".
- # The Silent 5 Year Old Majority
  80% of modern societies have a 5 year old's capacity to deal with new ideas.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
- # What is Thought?
  Philostatistical accuracy.
- # Why is Democracy Impossible for 80% of the World at this Time?
  Democracy requires individuals who are able to accurately think about possible outcomes. 80% of the planet, academic to child, rich to poor, has a 5 year old literacy.
- # How do you work with the 5 year old majority until Gen Alpha obsolesces them in 20 years?
  Monkey see, monkey do, monkey tinker. Automate anything that has to actually work; send humans into Montessori school.
- # Soon launching - [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] discussion as artwork at @[[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]]! "Process Over Product"
  Led by Thomas Stanley, PhD @bushmeat_ad
- # [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]
  A Speculative Reality Game by a future Gen Alpha child, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] aged 18 in 10 years, who has adequate philostatistical literacies, can code, make cutting edge art and etc. And works for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], building peace games.
  
  He is back from the future [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] and advises 99% to listen to Bob Marley and smoke weed, [[polymath]]s to Hack and fix the planet, and kids to play back jack and learn philostatistics.
- # [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], Card Against Fragility:
- ##### Fragile millenials should be paired with antifragile elders via [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]]; Gen X organizers should be paired with Gen Z unskilled laborers via [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] and BadMusicGoodArt.
  
  A. True
  B. False
- # [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]
- Your continued heartbeat is the artwork.
- Information is not the artwork.
- Performance is not the artwork.
- Continue to have a heartbeat and you will be entered into the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] lottery!
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] - the most radical social engagement art project of the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]:
  1. Chill
  2. Think
  3. Discuss or write or doodle
  4. Enjoy yourself, be happy, don't worry
  5. Speculate, prove or disprove why only [[polymath]]s can save the planet, and everyone else who isn't a [[polymath]] shouldn't be doing anything, not even art, and should just be listening to Bob Marley and doing activities 1 to 4
  If you don't enjoy yourself, you will be momentarily banned from the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] until you do enjoy yourself.
- # Who Killed Thought?
  
  1. "Who Killed Thought"  is a murder mystery that centers around the [[Non-binary]] [[Hyperobject]] person of Thought itself. 
  2. We know Thought is already dead - we, the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit, are investigating its dead corpse which is lying in the near future streets of the [[Intercity Planetary]], the Decolonial Capital of Amasia - but we can still think. This is explainable via quantum mechanics' concept of superposition where things can be in multiple states simultaneously. 
  3. We don't know the exact time of death yet - but we have recovered 5 bullets from Thought's corpse. One of them was shot 500 years ago.
  4. We know that Thought had a troubled family history for the past 1000 years; abusive institutional fathers, chemically driven mothers and dealing with tribal warfare in the streets. This sent them travelling and associating in past, present, future and adjacent possible scenes, with both fictional and real entities, dead and alive.
  5. We do know for sure, that Thought had one consistent trajectory which they referred to as a "Line-of-Light". Per situation they made a single philostatistical quantum divination using diagrams, in which they determined whether a situation was generally entropic or [[Neganthropic]], and then acted accordingly.
- # Trees Writing Books is proud to announce a new upcoming publication: "How to Date Like a Tree"
- # [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]
  
  1. A Speculative Reality Game by a future Gen Alpha child, [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] aged 18 in 10 years, who has adequate philostatistical literacies, can code, make cutting edge art and etc. 
  2. He works for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]], building peace games in the present that are used 10 years in the future to keep peace across the planet as part of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
  3. In the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], he generally advise people listen to Bob Marley and smoke weed, let [[polymath]]s hack and fix the planet, and kids to play back jack and learn philostatistics so that they have the skills to build peace games.
  4. 5 peacegames:
- Bad art good vibes
- Bad music good art
- Banana Revolution
- Trees Writing Books
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] - an artistic news gameshow.
  5. How to win: if you are happy you are winning. If you are unhappy you are losing.
- ## A note from "Who Killed Thought" - individuals have either one or the other:
  1. Accurate ontology without accurate epistemologies.
  2. Accurate epistemologies without accurate ontologies.
  
  Both approaches have an 80% chance of entropy.
  
  A single individual with both accurate ontologies and accurate epistemologies will be able to outperform in a year, 100,000 of the inaccurate over 10,000 years.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  In the quantum novel "Who Killed Thought", [[Elan Semiotechne]] stumbles across a paper note found amongst Thought's belongings.
  
  @[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]: "Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Guest Stars Anyone for a 10 Year Long[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]] Decolonial Rap, Art and News Battle Shown on [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]], commisioned by the @LeastCrappy Museum of 2033". We will rap, art and news battle until the planet collapses in 10 years or we stop it. The @LeastCrappy Museum of 2033 will be smart enough to collect the most important pieces of the battle that prevented collapse. The Best Side is [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]!
  
  In the quantum novel "Who Killed Thought", [[Elan Semiotechne]], sitting at a bookshop in the North Side of Syracuse, NY, accidentally activates a geocached scrap of Thought's diary. It reads:
  
  "It is curious how attention is weighted in 2023 in public arenas. As I travel through the humans' bodies, 
  
  ---
- # "UnderTheirGroundOverTheirHead.art" 2023
  
  Beware, zero translation for non-[[polymath]]s.
- # Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's projected exit date from 90's and 00's era culture: March
  For the love of God [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]], take me back to the actual freaking present, and if you could find me an actual honest-to-god [[polymath]] peer to work with, that would be a present 🎁 beyond compare. 
  
  For now, the actual images of the present will be quantum cached at @undertheirgroundovertheirhead .
- ## [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] rap, art and news battle update:
  
  1/8/2023 : 12:17 AM, Syracuse, New York
  
  Reports back from the [[Intercity Planetary]] [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit have reported that Thought's corpse has superpositionally moved from the near future streets of the [[Intercity Planetary]], Decolonial Capital of Amasia, to [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]], in the CultureMart section.
  
  Specifically, it was in Aisle Year 1990-2000. The ICP DBFU is tapping Antifragile Agent P. Roxy via [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] to investigate, organize evidence and support the prosecuting team. He is contracted to work in 1990-2000s culture until March.
  
  Rumor has it that Antifragile Agent P. Roxy is also part of the Banana Revolution bubbling in Turkey and other 2nd World points of Amasia via [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]]; time will tell on how this seeming conflict of interest plays into the [[Statistical Forensics]] Unit investigation effort.
- ##### "What if more relevant , data-backed media art with large informational value in 2023 is a more valuable artwork, ecologically, socially, technologically, artistically and instead, functioned in a data-backed market; rather than co-habiting with images in a fragility-backed market with zero contemporary informational value and a marketable, irrelevant artistic medium?" A Card Against Fragility, by Trees Writing Books, 2023
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Contribution to the public sector and public culture being set, Antifragile Agent P. Roxy heads for the legendary tiny but beautiful garden of free thinking intellectual-autonomists - the Garden of Already-did. It is located Under Their Ground and Over Their Head.
  
  A small and bizarre land where individuals are equally at home with a book on art history, a rap freestyle battle, boxing, coding, cooking and gambling. They tell tales, make media artworks and throw parties, as the world fixes itself better based on their ideas and frameworks.
  
  
  ---
  
  
  Antifragile Agent P. Roxy heads for level 3 - Garden of Already-Did
- Human machine team, multi source data from esmc.
- Media credits and etc. Director of AF agency. Databacked art. Pinches the right people. 
  
  Level 2
- [[Antinomy]]
- Banana Revolution
  
  Level 1
- [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Ideapplebees]]
- Fashion
  
  ---
- # Upcoming Data-Backed artwork:
- #### Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's Free or Pay What You Can Master Class called "So You Actually Want to Start a Revolution in 2023? Here's what you need to know or you'll get killed. Also, if you just want to hang out and vibe, there's a cool cooking show, fashion show, fitness show, dating show, good music and fun weird art assignments."
- ### Data-backed painting: all the constraints of modern societies were set in the 1980's. Hit those switches and levers at municipality scales, and you fix the planet.
  
  What to do with people? A 1 click app and a streaming art space.
- # [[Intercity Planetary]] or Bust
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  iIn one of the countless various theory-fictions by Trees Writing Books, alien mycelium expropriate Earth's internet and start rewiring municipality infrastructure according to absolute philostatistical accuracy. 
  
  Their messages and actions are decipherable via anyone who can accurately interpret both philosophy and statistics - 10,000 adults on Earth and a few children. The name of the new infrastructure? The [[Intercity Planetary]]. 
  
  One of the first things they do is make a punk band - Bad Music, Good Art !
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Biggest upcoming industry for the U.S: cleaning up the infrastructural mess of the last 40 years.
- Clean up knowledge
- Clean up law
- Clean up finance
- Clean up education
- Clean up physical manufacturing and labor heavy sectors
  ---
  
  
  
  What can artists do, today which has always been their historical superpower, which is perpendicular to sociality?
  
  1. Make new alliances with materials, invent new machineries that do not require human or social recognition. 
  2. Really, anything requiring human recognition - even subcultural - is boring and dead art.
  3. Just invent stuff! Make things that work. This is so much better than making stupid beautiful shit that doesn't.
  4. Teaching is a respectable job, but invention has nothing to do with education. People who want teaching should be sent to school.
  5. Whoever fixes the planet first wins a prize.
  
  
  
  [[Wolrd War 0]], by Trees Writing Books, alien mycelium inexplicably take over municipality infrastructures and claim this:
  
  Your only way out is regional-scale integrations of tech. Your engineers and entrepreneurs are too unimaginative and unethical for this; your artists and activists are too unskilled.
  
  Hence, we, the alien shrooms 🍄 will build the [[Intercity Planetary]]. You're welcome.
  
  
  
  
  Alien Mycelium:
  
  Why the Hell doesn't the Left invoke the Silent Majority? It's easy to shape it with statistics. 
  
  What is the precise failure of the U.S. Left? Lack of philostatical accuracy and literacy could ONLY provide a set of fragile positions, to even the degree that its most recent successful advance, Obama, couldn't even say no to financial predation, OR increased warfare for the purposes of increasing defense spending. For Christ's sake, there's even Leftists who can't imagine a U.S. economy without a military industrial complex OR how to transform it.
  
  Great, you got your best friend into the driver's seat but SURPRISE - THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO DRIVE.
  
  AND NEITHER DOES ANYONE AT THE DMV.
  
  
  
  Alien Mycelium:
  
  1. To save the planet today through intellectual efforts, you'd need someone similar to Nikola Tesla or Alan Turing. There's no way in Hell that a kajillion specialists will be able to coordinate to do the amount of synthesis one [[polymath]] can do.
  2. Fortunately, odds are that there are about 10,000 of them alive on Earth today, scattered all over the place. 
  3. All you need to do is to test them via philosophy and statistics.
  4. Everyone else should just make bad art good vibes!
  5. Most people, due to fragility, should be paid to do nothing or close to it.
  ---
  
  
  
  1.
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]] as spore + AI
- Alien Mycelium
- [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] in prison
- Private side.
- Data backed voice of the Silent Majority
  
  ---
  2.
- Jon with ozan = turkey video
- Banana Revolution: [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] Livestream with libraries | flip for ads and shares, ambien and n summit.
- Databacked! 
  
  ---
  
  
  
  From the novel "Who Killed Thought", Alien Mycelium of the [[Xenabloom]], have expropriated the Earth's internet and municipal infrastructures and begun speaking their alien language and our future history - philostatistical accuracy of, by and for the silent majority.
  
  How to art today as if you're NOT an a--hole:
  
  1. Strip the concepts of your art down to bare memes. It should be explainable on a crappy 6 panel comic, drawn by a 6 year old.
  2. Although art is for a universal audience, identify the audience MOST likely to act upon your information delivered. 
  3. Re-craft your form so you will probably connect with them. Everyone else is secondary.
  4. GO FORTH AND [[Xenabloom]].
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  If the game of art is to produce an autopoetic process with given materials and then informationally translate into aesthetics, then it makes absolute zero sense to use either high budget or boring materials and processes.
  
  
  WHY.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. If you had better regulation tech, you wouldn't have such gentrified markets
  2. If you had better simulation tech, you wouldn't have such poor planning
  3. If you had better coordination tech, you wouldn't have such disorganization
  4. If you had better curriculum tech, you wouldn't have such fragile personnel
  5. If you had better contract tech, you wouldn't have such high business costs
- ##### Upcoming: Antifragile Agent P. Roxy's series of conceptual performances that synthesize concepts it would take 1,000 academics 100 years, called:
- ## "Laborious Thought, Lazy Labor. (so much so that you and your kid can and should do it. Seriously. Do it.)" 2023
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The alien mycelium, the [[Xenabloom]] writes notes for an essay:
- ##### What's after the pandemic? The dawning realization that every aspect of the planet is modifiable via tech, and it's all extremely fragile. Which is what an alien invasion and correction of the planet's infrastructure shows.
  
  And why tech is not simply just a secession of "better" paradigms, it has to be understood as a recipe book built over time, with history and ethics from across cultures. Just like the natural ecology.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  The alien mycelium, the [[Xenabloom]], thinks:
  
  The planet will fix itself, probabilistically; any given single initiative or paradigm today will simply just be a minor wave in the slow turning of a long-term tide. Don't put all your thoughts in one basket.
  
  It is more important to discern the immense potentialities in all things, all ways already, than it is to engage in the boredom of repetitive labor.
  
  With accurate thought, paradigm shifts are invented; without it, stupidity and entropy reigns. 
  
  Autopoeisis is the only labor that always pays off. What else were you born to do?
  
  
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  The alien mycelium, the [[Xenabloom]], suddenly recalls why exactly they came to Earth and began terraforming it- because it's on a road trip to the [[[[[[Emergent Centers]]]]s]] of the [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Facts/Autodidactic Universe]], producing an improvised art and poetry and data-backed activist film.
  
  During its stay on Earth, it is simply behaving as a good house guest, contributing to the [[Antifragility]] of its gracious hosts.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Amasia.live , the speculative arts, sciences and culture news aggregator of the[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Silent Majority and the [[Intercity Planetary]] A.S.S. Savers.
  
  First news aggregator in the world where information is baselined off of simulations of regional metrics of post-work optoma points, continuously refined by human-machine teams.
  
  During broadcasts, there is constant Bad Music Good Art punk music playing, everyone is always super f--King high, wearing something insane.
  
  Who would have thought so little was needed to fix so much?
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Big container Mac salad,
  Small container Cole slaw
  Half pound scallops
  Tarter sauce
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], the alien myco-coral, writes into the [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure, broadcast via Amasia.live and encoded into the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  1. Human civilization is driven by tool production, inorganic and organic; human civilization does not culminate in space colonies - it culminates in post-work societies.
  2. The U.S. is honestly fine; there's a massive cultural vacuum and utterly, stupidly broken cultural economy.
  3. A kajillion organizations exist to help individuals find work; it's easier than ever today with unskilled tech jobs exploding.
  4. Infrastructurally it's pretty vulnerable for maybe the next 40 to 50 years, as market regulatory capacities are built out by government at various scales.
  5. Kill 2 birds with one stone- make money by building regulatory capacity and cultural infrastructure! Aka the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]].
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], the alien Lumacoral and mindcelium, scrawls graffiti on to Earth's [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure:
  
  1. Intellectual debates in art and philosophy are not like debates in politics and economics - they have zero payoff and audience; both art and philosophy as skills have immense and immediate rewards when applied to any task or problem in modern society.
  2. There were philosophers advocating for a quantum phenomenology in 1960, on record; most solutions to problems in contemporary art and philosophy have already been solved decades ago, just socked away in obscure books here and there. 
  3. It's good for individuals to engage in these ideas until they have a fully developed set of General Intellectual skills - this was the whole point of Liberal Arts! Unfortunately, as of yet, there is very little academic support for General Intellect, let alone economic support!
  4. But also, if you get there, you can pretty much teach yourself any possible high paying skill also haha. So that would be how it's "financed."
  5. 1000%, in the future this will shift, as evidence of General Intellectualism proves its greater efficacies in any possible domain of problem solving.
- # "General Public Intellectual vs. Specialist Public Intellectual" [[Xenabloom]], 2023
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], the alien Critical Coral,  mindcelium and lumacologist, scrawls graffiti on to Earth's [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure and the backend of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  Revolution is dead on arrival by the revolutionaries; the intellectuals of resistance can't make a powerpoint. 
  
  Could revolutionary desire in part be steam backed up from being unable to operate any of Earth's natural or machinic interfaces? Could this steam have blown off the accuracy of the gauges used by revolutionaries, and then channeled through the wrong valves or stored in the wrong pipes? 
  
  People confuse work for cultural growth; they confuse art for therapy; they confuse knowledge for power.
  
  In this landscape, only a [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]] makes sense.
  
  ---
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], the alien Critical Coral,  mindcelium and lumacologist, scrawls graffiti on to Earth's [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure and the backend of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  1. Architecture can be divided into its physical, machinic aspect, best executed via code - and its qualitative aspect, best executed in visual media.
  2. They operate in parallel.
  3. God save us all from the ever-present stupidity of camps, no matter which side, trying to foreclose everything into a single modality.
  4. Leave it open, it's more fun!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], the alien Critical Coral,  mindcelium and lumacologist, scrawls graffiti on to Earth's [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure and the backend of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]:
  
  1. 
  
  
  ---
- ## Guide to critiquing art in 2023. What tier of boring does the work fall under?
  
  5G: this sh-t could fix the f-cking planet with 5 year olds AND it's fire as f-ck
  4G: this sh-t could fix the f-cking planet.
  3G: this sh-t is boring.
  2G: this sh-t is boring. As. F-ck.
  1G: F-ck you, YOU'RE boring.
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1. The audience for good concepts will always be the smallest, because literacy is rare.
  2. The audience for skilled media and art will be less small.
  3. There will be no shortage of audience for affect: drugs, games and food.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  
  [[Xenabloom]], alien Critical Coral and mindcelium writes some predictions for 2023:
  1. The Earth will be fine; the things dying in the years to come are the responsibility of a few profiteers.
  2. The few profiteers are utterly stupid and vulnerable.
  3. There is no I or Team without technology; there is no technology without history.
  4. Everything but media art and hacking is seriously boring. Seriously.
  5. Actually, philosophy is cool. A small group of philosophically and media art literate individuals would kick so much ass today. F-ck everything else.
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  Philosophy + media art = fun
  
  Everything else is boring!
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  The [[Xenabloom]], the alien critical coral and mindcelium, is a capricious being. Discarding tropes of alien warfare or supreme alien intelligence - it has an exceedingly singular transcendental philostatistical principle from which it operates; [[Neganthropic]] aesthetics, which it deems beautiful.
  
  Because of aesthetics, it is non-violently terraforming the Earth's physical and informational [[Intercity Planetary]] infrastructure into the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]], without permissions. It has enlisted the aid of Earth's 43 billion bots and quantum internet. 
  
  The [[Xenabloom]] thinks in purely accurate philostatistical multi-paradigms, which can be decrypted by humans if done rigorously. However, the literacy is not widely distributed in 2023.
  
  In addition, the [[Xenabloom]] mediates via "superpositional music", which also include sounds beyond the range of human hearing. In humans, this superpositional music is apprehended through dreams, intuitions, hallucinations, imaginations, art, fiction, parties, orgasms and visions. Accuracy of interpretation varies from circumstance to circumstance.