- The concept of Healightenment within the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Praxes/Cool School]] is based on the idea that playing peaceful and collaborative art games can lead to a form of healing and personal development. While solo play may offer some benefits, participating in group sessions facilitated by an art therapist, educator, or consultant can accelerate and deepen the healing process. Ideally, the contracting can be subsidized by local institutions and businesses.
- The ultimate vision of Healightenment is to bring about systemic change through open source means, where institutions and organizations prioritize hiring consultants to improve the emotional and conceptual resilience of individuals. By doing so, the 1% can be regulated, and the society can move towards a post-work future where individuals can gain a broad range of skills and knowledge autonomously.
- In addition, Healightenment seeks to promote the development of automated self-balancing eco-social infrastructure and ethical complexification of the planet. This is seen as a way to foster a more sustainable and equitable society, where resources are distributed fairly and individuals are able to thrive both intellectually and emotionally.
- Rephrase:
	- The [[Healightenment]] of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Praxes/Cool School]] is based on [[Postworkcraft - The Peace Games]] sessions played around the planet. While players may experience light healing from solo play, if they desire rapid and deep [[Healightenment]], they can request public organizations and local organizations to sponsor the contracting of a reputable art therapist, art educator, or art consultant per circumstance.
	- The vision of the [[Healightenment]] is to regulate the 1% through open source means, steer institutions towards hiring consultants that can boost the emotional antifragility of individuals, along with their perceptual antifragility and conceptual antifragility.
	- The ultimate goal of the [[Healightenment]] is the production of a post-work society, with individuals autodidactically gaining polymath-grade skills, automated self-balancing eco-social infrastructure and ethical complexification of the planet.
- Encrypted Block
	- [[Healightenment]]
		- **What is an accurate understanding of reality?**
		- 1. It's made of quantum photons - little events of energy differences which are either visible or invisible.
		- 2. They undergo [[Quantum Invagination]] which means they undergo a origami-like turning inside out at a minimum speed of 3 x 10^10 times per second. Every. Single. One.
		- **How is the individual scale of society impacted by larger historical inequities?**
		- 3. Hence, 99% of modern culture is comprised of arbitrarily inaccurate judgements of probabilities and possibilities; the chemical entrainments attached by most individuals to their judgements of reality are simply objectively inaccurate, which does not condemn the individual it simply classifies per judgement what is and is not an accurate assessment of the probabilities and possibilities of reality.
		- 4. When an individual body is constantly acting upon inaccurate judgements of possibilities and probabilities, they have lower likelihood of accurately inventing or maintaining complex social contracts, utilizing new tools safely in coordination with multiple bodies, which then have probabilistic impacts upon the wider ecology.
		- 5. The most recent cause for this within the shockwaves of the last 500 years of colonialism, is the 1980's Reagan and Thatcher policies which pushed neoliberalism as a military backed enforcement of imbalanced international relations and trade agreements, and a destruction of the domestic infrastructure of social services and protections.
		- **Why are these impacts perpetuated?**
		- 6. This was also coupled with disincentivization and disinformation which encouraged the psychologization of infrastructural inequities and the infrastructing of a psychological management apparatus which inaccurately articulated and attributed the mechanisms of both infrastructural and indivividual problems.
		- 7. The emergent effect is to simultaneously disrupt an individual body's capacity to compute possibilities and probabilities and thus reduce the likelihood of accurately coordinating multiple bodies and systems to transform legal, market and informational infrastructure. To be extremely clear - the problem is not individuals, nor ideologies - it is inaccurate computation, synthesis and articulation of possibilities and probabilities which can be judged by a per hypothesis basis.
		- **How do we change it - aka what do we need for the Healightenment?**
		- 8. Although currently imbalanced, the legal, market and informational infrastructure can simply be assessed with computational tools, articulate precise and minimal action on clear targets, using the most probabilistically likely strategies. Today's technological capacities have grown to such a degree that a few ethical hackers can rewrite the core mechanisms of entire regions within 3 months or less.
		- 9. A cultural position accurately articulating these issues with accurate facts and probabilities should be synthesized, along with 80% body-chemical based therapy, 20% autodidactic enabling and a simplified calculator of probabilities which comprises:
			- 1. Ballparking an inexact floor and a ceiling of a specific range of possibilities, or an upper limit and bottom limit.
			- 2. Fuzzily articulating 3 to 5 tiers of a range of possibilities.
			- 3. Roughly articulating the core repetitive energy, matter and information cycles of a phenomena.
			- 4. Understanding possible unpredictable and improbable events which could massively disrupt the core cycles of a phenomena.
		- **Is the Healightenment actually new or is it just a new combination of existing parts?**
		- 10. No, there is nothing "new" about this, it's simply just re-organizing, synthesizing and presenting existing solutions from disconnected points accurately. We can keep the post-modern subjectivity confined to the scale of an individual body. An individual body, if it so chooses, can engage in self-destructive behavior until it dies. No problem. But as soon as more than a single body must coordinate, a structurally sound foundation of accurate assessment of probabilities and possibilities must precede subjective preferences. This also entails the endorsement of an accurate division of what unconditional social floors should be provided by a collective structure such as a nation-state, in regards to the 500 years of colonialism and current capacities/incapacities, and what responsibilities larger entities such as corporations and governments have in terms of accurately redistributing resources generated from its relations to various populations, backed by accurate metrics on physical rates of change and the probabilities of outcomes. Again, If a given subject, which can be more accurately understood as a dynamic, complex, emergent and indefinite cloud of inferences undergoing [[Quantum Invagination]] which inevitably distribute towards [[net negentropy]], decides to ignore any given accurate inference within a specific constrained time, to their own detriment in light of the proper distribution of social floors, ceiling and provisions, they are free to do so and the risk, damage, and response from adjacent possible entities, is transformable at the speed of 3 x 10 ^ 10 quantum invaginations per second. The optimal mixed strategy by adjacent possible entities has been to both accurately correct imbalances and to provide light, unconditional, pre-emptive gifts. Memory is useful here in so far as it contextually produces net negentropic inferences and states with as minimal damage as possible. Thus, it is as useful to talk about reparations as it is to talk about novelty, as long as the combination of inferences are accurate and produce a [[net negentropic]] effect with an explicit statement of the upper and lower bounds of the circumstantial articulation.
- Calls to action:
	- 1. Support [[Neon Madonna]] & [[pages/Fragilicide-live/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Captain Amasia]] his faith, the [[Church of the Superpositional State]] & his sexuality as a [[Quantumsexual]] to spread the [[Healightenment]] composed of [[3. Antifragile Peace Deal & the 100 Year Plan]].
	- 2. Bettor Art: UBE Co-op bets & the New S.A. [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2B - EmCenOrdered/1 - Knowledge/Facts/Autodidactic Universe]]: Return of the Intercity Planetary and the #HeadButtTheApocalypse movement with the [[SaintNet]], [[Angelologists]], [[Assayers]], [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Dragon Kings]], [[Grey Knights]], [[M.A.G.E.]]'s, the [[M.A.D.E.]]'s and [[Newdle Endgamers]].
	- 3. Until We Are Worth More Than Gold & Marrying the [[Universal Attractor]] in the DMZ.
	- 4. Back From 2122, Writing the [[The Art of Peace]] & [[100 Years of Nonlinear Future History]], the [[Birth of an Invagination - Until We Are Worth More Than Gold]] and [[The Mompire Strikes Back]] for the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]] via [[State Space Exhibitions & The Impossible Embassy]]. 
	  
	  Raising funds for the Superpositional Party, 100 Year Plan & Impossible Embassy & Mobile Studio & ICR. PRA, EFI, [[Postwork Capital]], AF Agency, Amasian.co.
	- 5. [[The Amasian Post]], [[Notflix]] and the [[The Least Stupid Presidential Campaign]] to make a [[City on a Chill]] more [[Accurate Collar]] for [[Amasian.co]], based on the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] prototype.
	- 6. Demand less McDonald's Fragileburgers, more Antifragile [[Infoburgers]]! Nail the Most Sus!
	- 7. Here's the roadmap: Shows & Quests
	- 8. Buy Paradigm Thrift MageMade clothing, computers, cartoons, consults, cars, creativity, crazinews! (integrate in)