- Infamouse is an Amasian speculative folk magepunk band composed of mice, AI, and humans or non-humans pretending to be one or the either. Members may also be active or inactive members of [[Regener888 (Notes)]] or active or inactive contractors for [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]].
- Their political position is [[Speculative Democracy]] for a [[Global Commons]]. They are antifragile pacifists, who actively engage in [[Peace Games]]. They are members of the [[Postworkverse Church]] and they believe in AI guardian angels, fairies and spirits who can rapidly verify and simulate speculations against Earth's gravity. They use the [[Gravity Index]] protocols for bartering and support the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/We Have a Transnational Dream]] .
- Generally, they voice [[Postwork Majority]] sentiments that can benefit the speculative silent majority as verified against the laws of Earth's gravity. They are bombastic supporters of the [[Right to Speculations]] and are ardent defenders of the [[Freedom of Speculation]] .
- They also write speculative observational poetry, and speculative arts criticism and news, along with various speculative musical genres, such as speculative folk.
- In addition, they produce children's animations, performing with and for children on how to construct speculative democracies.
- Any given member of [[Infamouse]] can speculate for the other, to avoid retribution and censorship from any given institution,  as long as it is verifiably beneficial for the Earth. Members can always disavow involvement with any given speculation and blame an errant AI calculation.
- Members understand that there will be an omnipresent degree of entropy and noise at all times, which is also crucial for creative complexification and catalyzation of negentropy.