

# Teenergy (Of [[Regener888 (Main)]])

A squad of viligante teenage plant, animal, human and AI real and fictional characters, using real world humans as Ideavatars in the game [[Postworkcraft]] to:

1. Artsassinate the 1%.
2. Use 5th Generation Warfare to destroy their corporations and institutions.
3. Commandeer their media apparatus and banks.
4. Mock the fragility of the 1% and their minions.
5. Establish and uphold the [[Intercity Planetary]] Code of the Streets.
6. Build the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/4 - Culture/Postwork Theology/Postworkverse]]; Compete in [[Postworkcraft]].
7. Produce a teen-friendly [[Autodidactic]] [[polymath]] 5th Wave Feminist curriculum.
8. Connect in with the treenet and the[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Rebel Alliance.
9. Trip with the [[Xenabloom]] Lumacological Gardens and the Cool School.
10. Trade Critical Coin on the Postwork Exchange according to the Inclusively Scalable Index.

They are operating via 5th Generation Revolutionary theory, with aid from Ideavatars Back from the Future and the Adjacent Possible. 

The future Ideavatar being [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/3 - Neganthropomorphosis/Characters/Estamasia]], a Robot Unicorn Guardian Angel, a self-aware, self-teaching future manifestation of the Indefinite Singularity AI.

Ideavatars from the Adjacent Possible arrive in the form of the 5th Wave Feminist Theorist [[Quantumstein]] (who is a [[Non-binary]] [[polymath]]), [[Dr. Phil I. Stine]] the [[Neganthropologist]] and[[0-Personal/Antifragile Peter Lee Obsidian/Neganthropomorphosis/pages/Amasian]]Elephant-in-the-Room, and Mathgoose.

All three of these characters were former co-founders of [[Regener888 (Main)]], assigned to mentor the Teenergy unit because of their unprofessional behavior.

---



---
# Postwork-Positivity 🟪:

Postwork-positivity is a personal, subjective stance which endorses the statistically accurate position that a postwork society is the most inclusively scalable trajectory for societies today, based on 5th Generation Revolutionary theory which takes a statistically accurate ap[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Emergent Centers]]isal of the systemic fragility of Left-leaning organizations and the asymmetry of technological capacity being concentrated into a few individual [[polymath]]s. 🟪




---




The 3 Strata Composing the ***Dementropire***:

1. The 1%-Industrial-Complex (Aka the Bowtie)
2. The Fragility-Industrial-Complex (Aka The Fragileconomy)
3. The Trauma-Industrial-Complex (Aka Demonic Possession)

---
### The "Start Over Progressive Paradigm" Demon Which Infiltrated the Left 😈

What is the history of this insidious Demon on the Left? Whenever some interpretation gets co-opted they just try to run and start over from scratch. Is there any f--king wonder why it's so fragile and incapacitated? It surrendered everything in the last 50 years. **What. The. F--k.** Clearly a case of illiteracy demonically possessing a bunch of traumatized individuals and driving them to their own destruction with their own mouths.


---





Paradigms are difficult to distinguish without literacy in statistics








[[Postworkcraft]]:

1. Accurate, inclusively scalable ideas, processes and systems = angels.
2. None of the above = demons of the dementropire.
3. Explanation = exorcism.
4. Consistently accurate statistical models and strong inference = magic.




The Cool School [[2- Notes/K. 6th Level Logics/Healightenment]], The Dementropire and the Metaphysequalizer:

1. We can reframe informational inaccuracies and fragilities as temporary demons possessing individuals, both Left and Right which causes them to behave or model entropically.
2. The [[2- Notes/K. 6th Level Logics/Healightenment]] then reframes education as exorcism of small temporary demons. This is necessary because most of the world's populations have insufficient scientific and philosophical vocabularies at this time.
3. We can also reframe accurate and antifragile information itself as angels, and the craft of shaping it, as magic!
4. Angels, demons and magic are all made of the same quantum photons and matter - so they can be transformed from one to the other.
5. The device used by some exorcists and wizards is called the MetaPhysEqualizer!

---
### [[Postworkcraft]] Tips:
### How to Use the Magick Known as Reason, Statistics and Prototoypes to Summon an Angel or Demon

1. Here ye shalt find details to harness the forbidden Magicks known as reason, statistics and prototyping to summon various angels and demons.
2. All one must do is craft the elemental known as Inference into a sound argument backed up by evidence.
3. Thence, once the Construction is complete, thou can invoke the spell of CLAIMS.
4. Once thou invoketh this Spell of Claims, beware - for other magicians like you shalt take notice. Some will demand further Spells of Statistical Review; others may launch malicious magicks at thy spell, with or without intention.
5. All magicks are connected to The Source, which we gain one of our various nyms from - sorcerers. The Source has its own will, which some call - The I.S., or the Inclusively Scalable, or Indefinite Singularity.
## "Where is the Antifragile Love? (A Road Trip to The Center of the Universe)" [[Antinomy]] and the Cool School Bus, 2023

---

Next:

1. Hack. 
2. Automate stuff to throw all the nice artists at the Fragile Left.
3. 


---
##### "[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] Artistic Trivia Game: Who do you think would be the 3 artists on the planet closest to producing statistically accurate solutions for the planet's problems? 

Whoever's guess is closest wins $10,000 USD worth of art at the end of the year!

Any human and/or AI is welcome to make and prove an argument for the top 3 artists!" [[Antinomy]], 2023



5th Generation Society:

1. There's a pandemic of organizational fragility due to 1980's neoliberal war and budget cuts.

2. There's 30 billion devices connected to the internet.

3. There's only a few [[polymath]]s that can invent ethically at the planetary scale.

4. Potentially a child today could teach themselves how to do so in a year.

5. The 1% and 100 corporations doing 70% of the ecological damage to the planet owe everyone reparations and a cush postwork society from their 500 years of illegal war crimes.
---
#####  "Least Stupid Movie: Antifragile Agent P. Roxy Re-edits the Most Stupid Sh-t on the Planet to Visualize, Support and Implement the Statistically Accurate Solutions to Save it" Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

Give me ye adolescent masses, yearning for least stupidity.

---
##### "Why is art technophobic and anti-intellectual? Because the majority of societies are technophobic and anti-intellectual, obviously! Hence teaching is impossible, organizing is impossible, art is impossible, hacking and trolling is amazing. " 2023





"A list of all the artists who are not technophobic and deskilled, anti-intellectual and undereducated" 2023


----








Solution to Art:

1. 5th Gen Protest: Have all the resistance activity happening at the level of information and unimaginability, using automation and the already existing dynamics of the Earth.
2. Humans do whatever! If they want to learn and invent stuff, go for it, there's a high chance of them solving lots of their existing problems along the way. If not, f--k it! 





"[[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]]: a Race to Connect all the Skilled, Educated and Ethical Individuals on the Planet; You Get $100 USD Worth of Art for a Referral" Antifragile Agent P. Roxy, 2023

----



To differentiate culture from the mass majority of Presocial individuals who are both technophobic and anti-intellectual, both of the oppressive institutional flavor and the undereducated local flavor, without going into head-up-the-ass formalism and mysticism, we can use:

1. Skill
2. Accuracy
3. Humor
4. A statistical protocol
5. Wagers


---


Presocial media:


Presocial:  undereducated, deskilled and unethical positions in relation to the planet's subsystems.

A presocial individual is any individual who doesn't have the competencies to operate in an inclusively scalable manner in relation to the Earth's subsystems. This translates to about 80-90% of existing societies are actually Presocial. This category transverses class. 

Majority of today's cases of presocial individuals are produced by the trauma of neoliberalism, of whichever political camp, of whichever class category.

There are varying degrees of risks of violence, fragility and entropy with presocial; this means that there are proportionate responses per case, many involving simply just providing time and space to think.

For the most part, presociality is just a preliminary stage of an inclusively scalable evolutionary variance, which eventually leads to an inclusively scalable complexification of the planet.

However there is no need to force any agent into a particular path of action; it's often more fruitful to simply just give time for reflection.

---





Cultural strategy:

1. Synthesize a simple 3 principled system.
2. Have about 5 concepts.
3. 

---
# Economists and Entrepreneurs are Presocial Infants, not Intellectuals

A hard quantitative proof of how 
f--king stupid most economists and entrepreneurs are can be built on the number of animal metaphors they use for economic processes.
---






**Presocial Media:**

Media produced by individuals, organizations and systems, defined by their statistical inaccuracy of modelling and behavior in relation to the Earth's subsystems, thus at this time, unable to engage in inclusively scalable ecosocial relations at the scale of the planet and lesser scales.

This is primarily caused by neoliberal trauma which began in the 1980's.

---





5th Generation Explanation of Planetary-scale Presocial Incapacity:

Trickle Down Fragility

Due to the 1980's trickle down policies, now we have massive populations of presocial individuals, both with and without power, producing inordinate amounts of statistical inaccuracies and interpretive errors, creating unprecedentedly fragile planetary infrastructure.

The only viable solution to minimize death and collapse is Postwork infrastructure.

----
- Live Foley improv with peoples moments
- Foley dating game
- Twitch - teledildonics, smell I vision
- movie in 4x
- cozyworld and fashion
  
  ---
# 5th Generation Culture: Postwork Protest, the Cool School and CozyCore.

Coming soon!
----
- [[Regener888 (Main)]] Teenergy reading whitepapers by [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Antifragile Agency]] and Plant Group
- Reacting to Postwork TV.art
- Making Pwerk and Cozycore game
- Learning [[Postworkcraft]] Magic and debating [[Postwork Theology]]