

## Le [[Neganthropocene]]: [[Semiotechne]] Symphonies

A Steganographic Documentarycomposed of multiple 5th Generation Artworks known as [[Semiotechne]] Symphonies played at the planetary scale.
## 3 Rules of the Cool School:

1. Never teach; give away a toy or a prize.
2. Never befriend; simply show something beautiful.
3. Never argue; pose questions and wagers.

---
Remember our unimaginable Buddha-Nature, from the point of view of the unimaginable Buddha-Nature itself.

---






Why would you teach fragile, deskilled, undereducated individuals about politics? 

These people can barely buy groceries or have a meal without starting a fistfight.  Burdening them with more crap is absurd. 

Why not just point them at art? 
---






The internet should have been cordoned off for just academics; everyone else should have been given a share in a data co-op.
## A Statistically Defensible Stance For the Utility of Beauty, From the Perspective of Security:

1. Humans are primarily biomechanical machines designed to blindly bump around on the surface of the Earth; they are not designed to accurately navigate massively complex, invisible, planetary informational systems. The few who can are rare; over time, with better infrastructure, it will be less so.
2. For the most part, without education and socialization, humans are as irrational and reactive as squirrels. Of course, they are also infinitely flexible, given the adequate support.
3. Okay, now unfortunately, some of these humans have access to machinery that can kill and maim other humans and things in varying degrees of efficacy; many are harmless. As the populations grow and the systems complexify, there is more and more risk of catastrophes.
4. The classic social response is to pour money into a prison system, which clearly cannot scale at this point. The education systems are overloaded, and cannot be reformed adequately for at least 40 years.
5. If we approach these humans simply on the conditions of bodily presence and moment-to-moment reactions, we can easily conceptualize them as something similar to as free-thinking biomechanical machines. There are certain minimum levels of subsistence required to be provided; in addition there is an affective entrainment that requires a certain amount of psychosocial stimulation. 
6. If we were to assign humans to watch and care for these humans, without proper protocols, there would be massive mishandling - just as having untrained dog handlers. 
7. Instead, why not just interrupt their entrainment at the level of light, sound and kinaesthesia? Beauty typically has a calming, stilling, reflective effect on the viewer. Just as a dog becomes entranced by reflections playing on the surface of water, so too, can beauty be used to aim populations that are not supported by today's infrastructure. This translates to more security!







---





Answer:

Automate Gen 1, 2, 3, 4 art. Work on Gen 5.


---
- Car - post studio
- VR Gallery - vr gallery > videos
- Bullet points of shit in there + video essays
- embedded ar and vr works.
  
  
  ---
- DC doubled , Based in phase space, nyc and Berlin
- Amsterdam, Turkey advised
- Connected to Miami and L.A. and London Markets
  
  ---
  
  
  
  
  
  What outstrips Gen 4 Forensic Art (such as Forensic Architecture and Lawrence Abu Hamdan)?
  
  Obviously Generation 5 Art, which is [[polymath]] grade planetary-scale weapons, defense and infrastructural inventions. Think Nikola Tesla, John Von Neumann and the Iranian nuclear physicists that get assassinated because their skill can tip the balance of power at a nation-state scale. 
  
  Now imagine instead of getting suckered into working for military-industrial complexes or the Fragile Left you had free agent [[polymath]]s roaming the Earth, unstoppable by anything except a bullet or a knife!