
# 1. Walking & Talking

- Hi! first I want to give you a conceptual gift which I bet can save the planet, that you decide later. Here it is! Negentropy!. Now let's talk about 3 things: 1. Why am I walking and talking? 2. Why would someone listen to me? 3. What is the value? 
- Kant, Buddhist Monks, Aborigines (Why brain evolved System 1). Much of our brain is simply for retaining balance through certain patterns of locomotion; hence why you if lie in bed for too long, you get sick.
- Humans, Nature and Tech = In 2016, I wrote a paper on tech, art and planetary warfare, wrote a white paper on it for one the world's largest carbon markets, did a really goofy performative presentation for one of the most forward thinking conferences on the planet on Posthumanism and assisting in PhD level research on new turn in thought which provides a hopeful vision for the planet, related to this universal statistical principle called Negentropy and newer 5th Generation art methods which redirects today's newer web and game-based culture towards criticality, peace and education. This is all hard won knowledge and praxes I was exiled for about 7 years ago, which included beding threatened with death, saving people from suicide and death and being saved from death, and now I am thankfully being more and more recognized for. Ask Selma Selman, Venice Biennale and Documenta level artist, it's pretty normal for me to say such an accurate thing ahead of the time, that everyone else will fight me and curse me, then later come back and ask me to help them with that idea, and then I help them, because it's the right thing to do. I can tell you the story at the end!
- Consulting rate at about $500 a 60 minute session - pay what you can to support kid's scholarships in former conflict zones, and activist interventions into Art Basel and the Venice Biennale, drawing attention to current lesser known, ongoing conflicts and genocides in which bringing attention could immediately save lives. We consult, and we can make a cool, weird and playful video like this, or other media, that helps you communicate to other cool, weird, open-minded people you're awesome project or idea. ALSO, of course you get a free weird conceptual art gift and you can play weird critical games!