- 99% of markets are inaccurate in the reproduction of cost and benefit analysis and functions which results in an ecology of ecological and social suicide. Per each operable business, there are a minimum of 10 businesses required to offset its damages in various dimensions. A business at its core is an input and output systems, with varying middle processes.
- The art market actually produces more accurate assessments of costs and benefits and more functionally complex systems -  which are hence more valuable with a minimum multiplier of 2x; however it is simply a distribution of inaccurate agents reproducing inaccurate [[inference]]s within markets that perpetuate inaccurate pricing, contracts, and relations. The causes for the inaccurate [[inference]]s are multitude, however it is universal across all cases that each transaction of inaccurate [[inference]] can be corrected by simply questioning its accuracy, and then presenting evidence of a more accurate [[inference]], pricing, contract or relation. By far, this [[Accurate Collar]] labor is more sustainable both in terms of ecological and social terms. If we had 2 paradigms racing in parallel, inaccurate and accurate markets - it would be inarguable that accurate markets would prevent planetary ecosocial collapse and simultaneously produce a massive blooming of human capacity and ecological complexity.
- Strong [[inference]], or accurate [[inference]] vs. weak or inaccurate [[inference]]. Different methods of computing prices, contracts and relations are more accurate, produce significant paradigm shifts faster and more negentropic complexifications for the wider ecology than others with less risk of damage or collapse.
	- In Buddhism it is known as Lion's Gaze vs. Dog's Gaze.
	- Processes can be evaluated as fragile or antifragile.
	- The easiest way to identify a fragile process is to inspect its self stated function, scope and aim.
	- Processes can be broken into tasks, transformations, systems and environments.
- Accuracy is contextual and conditional. It is the production of complexifying information or paradigm shift per time unit, using both entropy extraction (hypotheses exclusion) and negentropy modelling (Adjacent possibility generation).
- Because of the speed at which reality invaginates adjacent possibilities always weighted towards negentropy, minimum 3 x 10 ^ 10 per second, the fidelity of which the conditions of accuracy are measured matter. For 99% of daily problems, all that needs to be done is to simply understand the probabilistic floor and ceiling of a given problem with a low complexity, single function tool. For complex problems, higher resolution and modularity is needed.
- There is an existing information architecture on the planet with both entangled opportunities and risks. Some doors are open, and others are locked, which require a key to be cut.
- The navigation of the planet and also the unlocking of the door require skill and time. It takes time to understand this architecture and the skill to move through it without damage incurred or caused.
- Often, just better to pay for a tour guide or consultant. There are standard market rates and practice s to do so, which can be modified upon the specificities of a circumstance. It is always safer to buy insurance pre-emptively.
- Accuracy as art medium: precedents - Lawrence Abu Hamdan, Forensic Architecture Group, Francis Alys, Thomas Hirschhorn, Michael Snow, Joseph Cornell, Godard. Newer technologies can produce simpler, cleaner and more accurate artworks with less waste.
- Accuracy can be sold as a service, dependent on the problem. More equitable markets will be located in unionized and/or more cosmopolitan environs.