- The [[Little Yellow Book]] Manifesto:
	- **1. Position: Bananalution is neither serious nor stupid fragile culture.** It is the Bananavant Garde, surfing the edge of bananantifragility. It is a movement even farther ahead of its time than the existing 10,000 polymaths on Earth. They are heavily influenced by the philostatistics of the [[Xenabloom]] and [[Trees Writing Books]], although not all bananalutionaries may understand it or interpret it accurately.
	- **2. Protocol:  Bananautonomy.** Each member of the bananalution autodidactically declares freedom to speculate independent of the massive lag of humans and the inevitable infantile, unsynthesized state of current technological systems.  They love the children's book for young and old adults [[Regener888 (Notes)]] and the songs of [[Infamouse]] featured on [[Postworkverse Apocrypha]] .
	- **3. Objectives: Bananalutionaries want bananantifragility now.**  They recklessly appropriate from media and systems protocols established in Neganthropomorphosis by the art group [[Antinomy]]. They retro-actively attribute to them when they have the time, and also encourage self-attribution.
	- **4. Organizational Form: Distributed artels.** The bananalution operates in distributed artels dealing speculative neganthropics. It communicates across cultures and knowledges via speculative kitchen analogies. Many are members of the [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2B - EmCenOrdered/5 - Organizations/Entities/Neganthropocene Summit]], the [[Amasian Biennale (Amasia.live)]] and the [[Postworkverse Church]] . They deal neganthropics, also known as [[TropDrops]], via [[Superpositional Gallery]] and donate funds to the [[Democraseum]].
	- **5. Politics:** Bananalutionaries whole-heartedly support [[Treepac]] and Mamasia, [[12. Captain Amasia & ESTA]], and various others.  They follow both [[1 - Documents/C. Middle Points/17. Scraps/Amasia Live]] the speculative news and variety show and [[1 - General Sections/Emergent Centers Logseq/pages/Emergent Centers/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Bestideas.lol]] the speculative sports and show.
	- **6. Superpositional Revolutionary Process:** For everything anybody of the [[Postwork Majority]] fails to do or think that makes the Earth less fragile, human or non-human, a quantum-AI infused bananalutionary will compensate in quantum cyberspace.
	- **7. Bananalution Rules of Engagement:** Bananalutionaries deploy various quantum "artmunitions"; these range from plantguns, to draguns, to vibeguns, to memeguns, to tree-buchets flinging the [[Little Yellow Book]]. These weapons may or may not be propagated via [[Neganthropomorphosis/pages/2 - EmergentCentersGraph/Playtheon]] for various [[Peace Games]]. Bananalutionaries deal in [[DecolonialCoin]] and [[Fragility Markets]] on the Gravity Exchange .